                                                            OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
WOOL

Vehicles must not be left on the running line during shunting operations at Winfrith U.K.A.E.A. sidings.
                                                                                                               Dated: 27/09/08
SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
WEYMOUTH

Jubilee Siding
An inspection pit is provided within a gated compound in this siding. Prior to any work being carried out on a train in this
siding, a Designated Person must be appointed and protection afforded in accordance with the Rule Book, Module T10..


Jersey Sidings
Jersey Siding leading toNo.2 (run-round) siding is operated by a normal lever operated handpoint. which must be checked
before any movement is made over them. These points must normally be set for No.1 sidings, however, when stock is
berthed in No.1 siding, the points must be set for No.2 siding.
No.2 siding is electrified for a distance of approximately 130m, fully accommodating a 4 or 5 car Electric Multiple Unit,
Class 444 train. A 'limit for electric trains' board is provided at the end of the electrified section. Electric trains of longer
than 5 coaches will be required to pass this board so the train is accommodated in the siding. Before passing the 'limit for
electric trains' board, the Driver must make sure that the 'Weymouth' end and ‘London’ end unit (both units) are fully
operational and there is no possibility that the train will become gapped.


                                                                                                               Dated: 27/09/08


SW110 - WOKING JUNCTION TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
WOKING

WOKING DOWN YARD
Propelling Movements from WK610 to Woking down yard.
The Shunter or designated person in charge of the movement will obtain confirmation from the Signaller that
WK610 signal has been cleared before giving the Driver permission to commence the propelling movement,
All movements must be controlled by radio handsets.

Propelling Movements from WK511 Woking down yard to WK803 down Guildford line.
The Shunter or designated person in charge of the movement will obtain confirmation from the Signaller that
WK511 signal has been cleared and the route is clear up to and including the overlap track circuit of WK805
signal before giving the Driver permission to commence the propelling movement, All movements must be
controlled by radio handsets.
                                                                                              Dated: 08/10/16



SW110 - WOKING JUNCTION TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
GUILDFORD

Before a shunting movement is made from one platform to another the platform staff or the Signaller must inform the
Driver whether it will be signalled via the tunnel or via the London end of the station. ,
Movements to and from Guildford Carriage Sidings
Inwards movements - The Signaller must obtain the permission of the Person in Charge before operating signal GD1305
or GD635.
Outwards movements - The Person in Charge must inform the Signaller when a movement is ready to depart from the
sidings.
                                                                                                               Dated: 27/09/08




December 2009                                                  238
