                                                          OFFICIAL



Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1


Moving the body or body parts
When the police give permission, the person in charge must arrange for the body to be covered over and moved to a
position which is clear of the line to prevent recognisable body parts being seen from a passing train.
When body parts are moved or covered, the person in charge must make sure that personal protective equipment is used
and properly disposed of. Any sheets used to cover, must be disposed of with the body.
Resuming normal working
The person in charge must tell the signaller that normal working can be resumed when it has been confirmed that the body
has been moved clear of the affected lines and is covered over, or cannot be seen from passing trains and all staff and
equipment are clear of the affected lines.
The person in charge must stay on site until the body has been removed, or until another member of staff takes over as
person in charge.
Welfare of witnesses – local manager’s responsibilities
If a servant of the railway witnesses an accident involving fatal or serious injury, the local manager must make suitable
arrangements for the person’s welfare.
If necessary, the person must be relieved of duty and the local manager must arrange for that person to be relieved and
taken back to their base location or their home. The person concerned must be accompanied back to their home.
The local manager can allow any person who does not want to be relieved to continue duty provided this can be done
safely. Where possible the person should not normally then be allowed to work alone.
Arrangements must be made by the local manager to see the person to check their welfare and provide any advice or
counselling in line with their company.
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 07/07/12




December 2009                                                17
