                                                                      OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1



11.       The Incident Controller shall assign a unique reference number to the Temporary Isolation (e.g. TISE012) and
issue this document as the latest version of Temporary Isolation Record of Arrangements form to the ECR, the Signal
Box(es), the Requester, the PICTI, and the COSS. If there is a change of duty between the issue of the document, and the
work commencing, the relevant individuals should verify the arrangements on the form at the start of their shift, ensuring
they have the correct issue number.
12.     Once the Temporary Isolation is underway, the Incident Controller should arrange to receive regular updates on
progress and give regular updates to all concerned. This includes the ECO informing the Incident Controller when the
Temporary Isolation is taken and given up. All updates from site should be recorded in the CCIL.
13.     Once the Temporary Isolation has been cleared, the Incident Controller should make sure that all of the work has
been completed as agreed and record any deficiencies and the reasons in the CCIL.
14.      Flowcharts which describe the Temporary Isolation process are provided in Sections 4 & 5 of this document.
These flowcharts must be read in conjunction with the Rule Book Module TS1.13, Rule Book Handbooks 1, 6, 7 & 8, and
NR/LR/ELP/3091
15.        On occasions, it may not be practicable to complete the Temporary Isolation Record of Arrangements form as
detailed in Sections 3.2 to 3.14. On these occasions, Operations Control shall advise the ECO, the relevant Signal
Box(es), and the PICTI of the authorised arrangements as soon as is practicable. This may be completed via a conference
call if required.
16.        The Signaller and ECO shall then agree the appropriate protection limits for the proposed electrical isolation.
17.        The ECO shall then confirm to the PICTI the isolation arrangements to be applied.
18.        The Temporary Isolation Record of Arrangements form shall be stored locally after use by the parties involved.
Temporary Isolation Commencement Flowchart

 Temporary Isolation                                                                  Line Blockage

      Work required to be done using a Temporary Isolation (TI) and a line blockage. Request made to Operations Control.
      ↓
      A brief telephone Risk Assessment Conference shall be organised by Control (NDM & Requester must attend).
      Conference shall determine whether a TI is the most appropriate arrangement for the work, taking all factors into account.
      ↓
      If the conference determines that a TI is authorised, the NDM shall
      pass the TI to an Incident Controller to progress.
      ↓

      Incident Controller to liaise with TI requester and obtain details to fill in
      first part of TI Record of Arrangements (RoA) form. Incident Controller
      to label as Draft A and send to ECR, signal box and Requester for
      initial comment.

      ↓
      All parties agree to their relevant arrangements and send these back to
      the Incident Controller.                                                          The COSS and Signaller agree the
                                                                                        arrangements for the line blockage to
      ↓
                                                                                        protect the work (including and necessary
      The Incident Controller issues a final draft of the TI RoA form and               protection if appropriate) and the limits.
      distributes it to the ECO, signal box, and Requester.
      ↓
      The ECO, Signaller/SSM, and Requester shall reconfirm the isolation
      arrangements to be applied, as per the TI RoA form. Any changes will
      result in a new draft being issued.
      ↓
      Incident Controller collates responses and issues a final TI RoA form to
      the ECO, signal box, Requester, PICTI, & COSS.
      ↓




December 2009                                                            86B
