                                                         OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2




SO170 - TONBRIDGE TO BO PEEP JN
TUNBRIDGE WELLS To Bo Peep Jn

Electric trains must not exceed 8 cars or a conductor rail current index of 8 unless authorised by Network Rail Control.
Note: Electric trains of up to 12 coaches are permitted between Tunbridge Wells station and Tunbridge Wells Turnback
siding only.
                                                                                                          Dated: 12/12/09



SO170 - TONBRIDGE TO BO PEEP JN
ROBERTSBRIDGE
Rail connection to the Rother Valley Railway
A rail connection is provided between Robertsbridge Down Siding and the Rother Valley Railway.
Hand points are provided on the Down siding and on the Rother Valley Railway which normally are secured to restrict any
movement between the two.
Additionally a secure gate and raised derailing equipment is also provided.
A key for the secured points and derailer equipment is located at Robertsbridge Signal Box.
Train/vehicle movements between Network Rail infrastructure and Rother Valley Railway
Before any train movement takes place a Nominated Competent Person from the Rother Valley Railway must request
from the signaller the keys for the points and derailers.
A Network Rail competent Ground Frame operator will be provided to operate the ground frame between the Up and
Down Main line and the Down siding and unlock and open the security gate on the connection.
Following the train/vehicle movement between Robertsbridge Down siding and the Rother Valley Railway the hand points,
derailers and security gates must be secured to prevent further movements over the connection.
The keys for this equipment must be returned to the signaller at Robertsbridge Signal Box.
                                                                                                       Dated: 14/01/2017




December 2009                                               326
