                                                           OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2




  3.    The SVRDM must give the signaller at Oxted an assurance when the line is clear and that the gate at Birchden
        Junction is closed and secured across the TWL. if a train is berthed in Eridge station, the SVRDM must confirm that
        protection has been afforded as above.
  4.    The signaller shall then record the SVRDM’s name in the occurrence book together with a unique reference
        number.
  5.    The Signaller at Oxted must then advise the person requesting the line blockage or possession accordingly.
  6.    If additional protection in accordance with a line blockage is necessary on the TWL, the person requesting the line
        blockage must provide detonator protection Eridge side of the closed gate at Birchden Junction, additionally, if a
        train has been berthed on the buffer stops in Eridge station, detonator protection must be provided, London side of
        the crossover on the TWL at Eridge. The person requesting the line blockage must advise the signaller at Oxted
        when the additional detonator protection has been provided.
Giving up of Possession or Line Blockage
  1.    In addition to the requirements of the Rule Book as far as the Uckfield single line is required, the following action
        must be undertaken with regard to the TWL
  2.    The COSS/IWA/PC must remove any additional protection used on the TWL
  3.    Once the possession or line blockage has been given up, the Signaller at Oxted will contact the SVRDM,
        confirming the reference number and advising them that normal working may recommence.
  4.    The SVRDM will remove any not to go boards / lights at the Eridge end of the TWL on any train that has been
        berthed there and arrange for the gate at Birchden Junction to be opened.
Note:
              •   In addition to the instructions above, after the TWL has been blocked, the signaller and the person
                  requesting the possession / line blockage must then comply with the relevant requirements of the Rule
                  Book as far as the Uckfield Single Line is concerned.
              •   The Spa Valley Railway Crossing Attendant at Forge Farm level crossing will be advised by the SVRDM
                  of the circumstances of any possession or line blockage arrangements.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/06/14

SO540 - HURST GREEN JN TO UCKFIELD
UCKFIELD

Berthing of trains
Berthing in the platform line is prohibited.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06

SO540 - HURST GREEN JN TO UCKFIELD
UCKFIELD

Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 20.2.
Permissive working is prohibited.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/12/13

SO550 - REDHILL TO TONBRIDGE
Entire Line Of Route

Trains calling at intermediate stations
The maximum length of passenger trains that can be accommodated at the platforms of intermediate stations between
Redhill and Tonbridge is four coaches. Any passenger train longer than 4 cars that is required to call at an intermediate
station must have all coaches other than the leading four locked out of use.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                 346
