                                                             OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Engineer’s Sidings
When the points leading to these sidings are normally clipped and padlocked out of use they must be used only for
engineering purposes, the keys to the padlocks being held by the appropriate person. Before using the points, the person-
in-charge must:-

1   obtain the Signaller’s permission and have a clear understanding with him regarding the moves to be made.

2   take possession of the line concerned.

Before giving up the possession he must ensure that the points are again secured in the proper position and advise the
Signaller accordingly.

                                                 South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Fires
1        Reporting of fires and Calling the Fire Brigade
If any member of the staff observes signs of a fire on railway property, or where railway property is endangered, the Fire
Brigade must be called immediately. The controlling Signaller, Network Rail Control and the local supervisor must also be
advised.
Efforts must be made to extinguish the fire with the appliances at hand, but it must be clearly understood that the calling of
the Fire Brigade must not be delayed whilst attempts are made to deal with the outbreak.
2        All Fires
The local official must submit the relevant fire report as soon as practicable to the Company Fire Safety Manager. In the
case of line side fires off railway property the relevant fire report form must be submitted, and an additional copy must be
sent to the Track Engineer.
Note:-     In the case of fires involving premises not staffed at the time or fires affecting signal or sub-station cables, action
           must be taken in accordance with the above instructions and, in addition, the appropriate departmental local
           official must be notified immediately.
3        Fire Extinguishers
Failure of an extinguisher to operate satisfactorily must be reported promptly to the Company Fire Safety Manager who
will arrange for it to be collected for examination. Pending collection no attempt should be made to interfere with the
appliance.
A report indicating the manner in which the extinguisher was used, e.g., upright, inverted, plunger struck on hard surface,
must be securely attached.
4        Fires and incidents involving Dangerous Goods
Referring to Section F of the Working Manual for Rail Staff, Part 3 (Pink Pages), the Signaller or persons in charge of
depots, yards or sidings becoming aware of a fire or incident involving dangerous goods must immediately call the
appropriate Emergency Services and give full details, including the first four characters of the Emergency Codes of the
dangerous goods involved. Network Rail Control must also be advised as quickly as possible.
Network Rail Control shall advise on further precautions to be taken, and must contact the B.T. Police and other
assistance as appropriate.
                                                 South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                   92
