                                                        OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Conveyance of Plasser RM62/1 ballast cleaning
machines by freight or infrastructure trains
Definition
The runner wagon, ballast cleaning machine vehicle, and staff coach (or other vehicle), must be considered to
be a single unit. The vehicles forming the unit must be marshalled in the order described to avoid a buffer
lock incident.
Formation of Train
The ballast cleaning machine vehicle has a main frame, buffing and drawbar gear of very limited strength and
it is important that the gross laden weight of any vehicles (including runner wagon and staff coach as
appropriate), attached to the rear of it DO NOT EXCEED 80 (eighty) TONNES. Subject to this limitation the
single unit can be marshalled anywhere in the train as required by operational need.
Note: Machine No. DR 76213 has been modified and the clause above does not apply. DR 76213 can be
marshalled anywhere in a train formation.
Movement
The movement of the ballast cleaning machine is subject to the following conditions:

    1)   The train movement must be agreed between the freight operator concerned, and Network Rail.
    2)   If the train movement shall leave the Kent, Sussex or Wessex route area, then the freight operator must be told
         about any restriction imposed by any other route the train shall pass through, or end its journey in. The
         arrangements must be published,
    3)   The machine concerned must be restricted so that it cannot be moved or operated under its own power. The
         person in charge of the machine is responsible for making sure that this restriction is made.
    4)   The air/vacuum brake system as is compatible with the braking system on the train involved must be coupled and
         instructions shown in section B (white pages) followed.
    5)   The maximum permissible distance between examinations of the unit involved shall not exceed 160 miles.
    6)   The maximum speed of the movement shall not exceed 35 mph.
    7)   Any failing of brakes or other equipment must be reported to the operating company of the unit involved.
    8)   The instructions shown in handbook 15, Duties of the machine controller (MC) and on-track plant operator apply
         except as modified in this section.

                                            South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 04/06/11




December 2009                                              84
