                                                          OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3


SW150 - REDBRIDGE TO SALISBURY TUNNEL JUNCTION
Dunbridge LC (AHBC)
A Box locked with a BR 1 key are provided on the Down platform at Dunbridge adjacent to signal SY1. If it is necessary for
the signal to be passed at Danger the Signaller will additionally instruct the driver to open the box and depress the plunger
to lower the level crossing barriers. The Driver must close and lock the box before returning to his train.
Drivers of trains hauled by more than one Class 73 locomotive must work under series-only conditions when on electric
power.
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/09/07

SW155 - TOTTON TO FAWLEY (GOODS LINE)
Fawley GF

No movement must be made beyond the railway boundary gate over the Esso road level crossing into the Hardley siding
until permission to proceed has been received from the firm's Shunter, who will be responsible for the safety of
movements over the crossing.
Traffic will be exchanged at the locomotive restriction board situated at the far side of the Esso road crossing. Train
locomotives must not pass beyond the locomotive restriction board.
This siding may be worked by special trip, without a brakevan, propelling from Fawley over the single line to the
connection at the Fawley end of the siding and hauled back to Fawley. A key token must be withdrawn for the movement.
Propelled movements must not exceed 10 vehicles.
Application of hand brakes at oil/chemical depots/sidings

Clauses D3.3, D4.2 (b) and D5.1 Pink Pages, refer, handbrakes must be applied on each group of wagons left in the
undermentioned sidings as follows:-
Fawley - Cadlands Exchange Sidings first 3 wagons and last three wagons on each train
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SW160 - BROCKENHURST TO LYMINGTON PIER
Entire Line Of Route

Electric trains working onto the Single line, which commences at signal BH17, must not exceed 4 cars or a conductor rail
index of 8. If a train has a conductor rail index greater than 4 the Driver must work under series-only conditions.

Drivers of trains hauled by more than one Class 73 locomotive must work under series-only conditions when on electric
power.
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/09/08




December 2009                                               245                                                             )
