                                                               OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1



Rule Book Module HB8 - IWA,COSS or PC blocking a line
Rule Book Module HB21–Safe work leader (SWL) blocking a line
Module TS1 – General Signalling Regulations
Line Blockage Change of SWL/COSS
If you are a new SWL/COSS taking duty you must tell the Signaller
If you are the new SWL/COSS when a signal box that has been closed is reopened, you must tell the signaller that the SWL/COSS
has changed.
Where a PC is appointed, the PC must carryout the role of the SWL/COSS as described above when applicable.
                                                           South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 06/12/14


Handbook 8 – IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line
Rule Book Module HB21 Safe work leader (SWL) blocking a line
Protecting a stabled train on a platform line – Wessex route
A platform line on which a train is stabled may be blocked under the arrangements shown in this handbook, but only if protection is
provided to stop a train making an unauthorised movement.
When a platform line is to be blocked and a train is stabled on that line, the SWL/ IWA, COSS or PC must place the following train
protection equipment on the train before allowing the work to start:
1. During daylight: a “NOT TO BE MOVED” board, or a red flag
2.   During darkness, fog or falling snow: a red light (steady or flashing)
The SWL/ IWA, COSS or PC must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
1.   at the end from which the train is to be driven, or
2.   at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end
The arrangements shall apply at the following locations
1.   On platform lines at terminal stations
2.   On dead end bay lines at through stations
3.   On the running lines shown in “Berthing of trains – Wessex in Module KSW1 of the Sectional Appendix”
Exception
Wessex Route: London Waterloo Platforms 1 -24 inc the following applies;
Possession Limit Boards (PLBs) are authorised to be used instead of `Not To Be Moved` boards at this location.
The Possession Limit Board (PLB) is only required to be placed in position when work is required to take place within the specified
worksite between the stabled train and the Platform starting signal of the particular platform.
The Possession Limit Board (PLB) will be placed 15 metres beyond the front of the stabled train and fixed to the left hand rail, so it
is visible to any driver from the driving cab.
Drivers are allowed to enter the driving cab for the purpose of preparing the train in accordance with their company instructions.
Unless otherwise stated / advised, the traction current must be treated as being live at all times.
                                                                                    (Wessex) Territory GI – Dated: 14/09/2021




December 2009                                                  72A
