                                                          OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2




SO320 - HOO JN. TO GRAIN (GOODS LINE)
Entire Line Of Route
‘No Signaller’ key token working.

The Rule Book, Module TW1 section 32 applies, together with the following modifications:

Key Token instruments are provided adjacent to signal NK509 and at Grain Crossing box, the former being operated by
the Driver (or, if provided, the Guard) and the latter being operated by the Person-in-Charge at Grain.

On arrival of a Down train at signal NK509 the Signaller must be advised of the intended movements and requested to
release a token. If it is later necessary to vary from the intended movements the Signaller must again be advised. When
the ‘Free’ indication beside the instrument is illuminated, the key token may be withdrawn, where upon signal NK509 will
clear. The key token must be placed in a pouch and retained by the Driver until arrival at Grain where it must be handed
to the Person-in-Charge.

On arrival of an Up train at the ‘End of Token Section’ sign the key token must be replaced in the instrument and before
proceeding, the Signaller must be contacted to confirm that this is correctly indicated in the signal box. The pouch must
be placed in the key token hut.

All persons using the key token hut must ensure that the door is properly closed and locked before leaving.

Failure of Equipment – Working by Pilotman
In the event of failure of the key token instrument, a key token being lost or damaged, Working by Pilotman must be
introduced.

Before pilot working commences, the Pilotman must ensure that the floodgates are secured away from the railway.

When a train is to be followed by one or more trains in the same direction before a train is to start from the other end, the
following additional instructions must be observed:-

a)   The Driver (or, if provided, the Guard) of any train proceeding from signal NK509 to Grain which is not accompanied
     by the Pilotman must report the arrival of his train complete to the Person-in-Charge at Grain, who must advise the
     Signaller accordingly.

b)   The Driver (or, if provided, the Guard) of any train proceeding from Grain to the token hut at the ‘End of Token
     Section’ sign which is not accompanied by the Pilotman must report the arrival of his train to the signaller, using the
     Key Token instrument telephone.

Should the telephones as well as the token equipment have failed, the Pilotman must accompany each train.

Failure of Equipment – Modified Working
When authorised, Modified Working by means of a written order (RT3177) as shown in the Rule Book, Module P2, Section
5 ‘Modified Working Arrangements, may be introduced as follows;

The written order will be issued to and given up by the Driver as follows:

1.   Trains travelling from Hoo Junction to Grain
     When the train arrives at NK509 the Driver will be advised by the Signaller at Ashford North Kent Workstation that the
     signalling equipment has failed and that he/she must complete a written order as authority to proceed. The Driver
     must complete the written order at the dictation of the Signaller. The order forms are kept in the token instrument
     cabinet near signal NK509. The Driver must advise the Person-in-Charge at Grain that the train has arrived complete
     with tail lamp and write cancelled across the ticket RT3177.

2.   Trains travelling from Grain to Hoo Junction
     When the train arrives at Grain Crossing No.8 signal the Driver will be advised by the Shunter at Grain Crossing that
     the signalling equipment has failed and that he/she must complete a written order as authority to proceed. The Driver
     must complete the order at the dictation of the Signaller at Ashford North Kent Workstation. The order forms are kept
     at the token instrument in Grain Crossing ground frame box. The Driver must advise the North Kent Workstation
     Signaller of his arrival at the token machine at Hoo Junction and that the train has arrived complete with tail lamp.
     The Driver must write ‘cancelled’ across the ticket RT3177.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13




December 2009                                                335
