                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
COLWYN BAY

Tail lamp telephone. When a train comes to a stand in the down main platform the driver or guard must immediately
advise the signaller by means of the telephone on the platform whether or not the train has arrived complete with tail lamp.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
LLANDUDNO JUNCTION

Tail lamp telephone. When a down train comes to a stand in the down main, 'up & down' main or 'up & down' passenger
loop platforms, the driver or guard, must immediately advise the signaller by means of the telephone on the platform,
whether or not the train has arrived complete with tail lamp.
Heron Fuels Petroleum depot. The hand-points in the lead from the yard to Glan Conwy Freight depot or Heron Fuels
Petroleum depot must be kept normally padlocked to prevent vehicles irregularly entering the Petroleum depot.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
CONWY

Examination of Conwy Tubular Bridge CNH3 – 224m 11ch to 224m 18ch
Following the passage of a steam locomotive on the up or down main line through Conwy Tubular Bridge, patrolling of the
bridge must take place. Normal working must not be resumed until this has taken place and the tunnel is confirmed safe
for the passage of trains.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/06/18


NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
PENMAENMAWR

Aggregate Sidings
Incoming Trains. Drivers of incoming trains must not proceed beyond the 'Stop & Await Instructions' board at the
entrance to the Aggregate siding without the shunter's permission.
When the shunter is not on duty, the signaller is authorised to instruct drivers to pass this board. However, before entering
the Aggregate sidings, the driver must be satisfied that:
•   all points are correctly set,
•   the siding to which the train will run is clear,
•   any Aggregate staff in the sidings have been warned of the incoming train.
Movements into the siding must be made at caution.
All rail movements within the Aggregate sidings will be under the control of the shunter, or the guard if a shunter is not on
duty.
Outgoing Trains. When a train is ready to depart during the time the shunter is not on duty, the guard must give all
necessary details and request the signaller’s permission for the train to pass the 'Stop and Telephone' board at the exit
from the sidings.
Tail lamp telephone. If an incoming train is detained at the 'Stop and Await Instructions' board, the driver or guard, if
provided, must advise the signaller whether or not the train has arrived complete with taiI lamp. A telephone is provided for
this purpose on the Conwy side of signal PR.19.
                                                                                                           Dated: 12/05/07




October 2009                                                 98
