LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW6




NW6001 - MANCHESTER PICCADILLY EAST JN. TO EUXTON JN.
MANCHESTER OXFORD ROAD

Permissive Working – MPV S&C Video Train Operation – the MPV S&C Video Train is permitted to operate under the
permissive working arrangements in platforms 1 to 5 inclusive.
Under these circumstances the MPV must be brought to a stand clearly in sight of the train already in the occupied
platform.
Trains requiring attention. Drivers of Up-direction trains must not work through to Manchester Piccadilly until the
necessary attention has been given or the driver has been advised what alternative arrangements have been made.


                                                                                                         Dated: 28/09/19

NW6001 - MANCHESTER PICCADILLY EAST JN. TO EUXTON JN.
Brindle Heath Sidings

When entering the Tarmac Company's private siding, drivers must bring their trains to a stand clear of the discharge
hopper and must work to the instructions of the company's person in charge whilst in the depot. Locomotives must not
be run over the discharge hopper.
                                                                                                         Dated: 07/10/06

NW6003 - CASTLEFIELD JN. TO ALLERTON JN.
Trafford Park Sidings

All movements are under the control of the person in charge at Trafford Park Sidings (PIC).
The maximum speed of trains in the sidings must not exceed 5 mph hauling and 3 mph propelling except on the reception
and departure lines during daylight hours in clear weather, when the maximum speed must not exceed 10 mph.
Reception lines. When vehicles of a train which has arrived on reception line No. 1 or 2 are drawn off at the east end, the
train locomotive may follow the vehicles closely as far as signal MP.747 or MP.739. If for any reason the train locomotive
does not follow the vehicles closely the driver must not move until authorised to do so by the PIC.
Freightliner Terminal. Drivers of trains entering and leaving the Freightliner terminal must sound the locomotive horn
when approaching the level crossing leading to the terminal.
The maximum speed of trains in the terminal must not exceed 5 mph except during daylight hours in clear weather, when
the maximum speed must not exceed 10 mph.
Authority for trains to depart will be given by the person in charge at the terminal.
Manchester Euroterminal. Arriving trains must be brought to a stand at the relevant ‘Stop’ board. All subsequent
movements will be under the control of the person in charge.
Reception emergency ground frame. When a movement is signalled from signal MP.744 to sidings W1-W5 via the
emergency ground frame, the driver must keep a good look-out for handsignals.
                                                                                                         Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                   47
