LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW1

NW1001 - ARMITAGE JN (INCL.) TO PRESTON FYLDE JN.
CREWE

Crewe Carriage Sheds. Locomotive propelled movements from Crewe Carriage Shed are prohibited unless defective
equipment prevents a locomotive hauled movement from taking place.

Crewe South Yard includes the E.W.S. sidings, the D.R.S. Coal sidings and the Through Siding. The Through Siding
between Crewe Sorting Sidings North signal box and signal CE.543 is under the control of the signaller at Crewe Sorting
Sidings North signal box.
Drivers of trains signalled over the Through Siding from Crewe signal box to Crewe Sorting Sidings North or vice-versa,
must check that the hand-points are in the appropriate position before proceeding.
Cleaning of windscreens. If the driver of an up train from Manchester, Liverpool or Preston (or beyond) to Birmingham or
London (or beyond) requires the locomotive/unit windscreen to be cleaned at Crewe station the driver must give prior
notice as follows:
In the case of a train from Preston or beyond at the last booked calling point. (In an emergency, a special stop may be
made at Warrington to give notice).
In the case of a train from Manchester or beyond at Wilmslow.
In the case of a train from Liverpool at Runcorn.
Note: GSM-R must be used to give notice.
The train will be routed to platform 1 or 11 and must be brought to a stand at the platform exit signal, where cleaning will
be carried out. Before cleaning commences, the driver must fully apply the automatic brake and, in the case of electric
traction, lower the pantograph.
On completion of cleaning, the driver must obtain an assurance from the cleaner that the work has been completed and
that all materials are clear. In the case of electric traction, the pantograph must not be raised until this assurance has been
received. The driver must advise the signaller at Crewe signal box when cleaning is complete.
Note: Training/instruction in windscreen cleaning duties may be carried out in platform 12 provided prior advice is given to
the signaller and the safety procedures applicable to platforms 1 and 11, shown above, are carried out.
Locomotive and traincrew changes. Locomotive and traincrew changes must not be carried out on the down or up fast
lines in Crewe station.
Working of Class 253/254 trains. Drivers of Class 253/254 trains booked to call at platform 11 in the down direction,
must bring their trains to a stand with the leading power car at signal CE.139.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/05/16

NW1001 - ARMITAGE JN (INCL.) TO PRESTON FYLDE JN.
Warrington SB (WN)
Arpley Down Through siding. Whenever a movement requires to leave Pochins or Crosfield’s siding the person in
charge (PIC) of the movement must advise the signaller at Warrington box, by telephone, what requires to be done. The
movement must not leave the siding concerned until the signaller gives permission. The PIC must advise the signaller at
Warrington signal box whenever a movement has been shunted into Pochins or Crosfield’s siding clear of Arpley down
through siding.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW1001 - ARMITAGE JN (INCL.) TO PRESTON FYLDE JN.
Warrington SB (WN)

Wigan North Western Station Platform 1 – Working of Virgin Class 390 (Pendolino) Units. Virgin Train services
consisting of a Class 390 Pendolino unit may be routed through Platform 1 at Wigan North Western Station providing the
train does not require to set down or pick up passengers.
                                                                                                            Dated: 09/02/09




October 2009                                                  64
