LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4




NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
BARROW)
WORKINGTON

Working into the down yard. A single white light, which may be used to assist with set-back movements, is provided 350
metres (approximately 380 yards) on the Workington Main No. 3 signal box side of the Workington Main No. 2 reception
siding home signal.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
BARROW)
MARYPORT To CARLISLE SOUTH JN

Restricted clearances exist between certain trains and infrastructure on this section of line. Except for trains where
the coaching stock is formed exclusively from passenger carrying vehicles fitted with window bars, the operation of a
Departmental or passenger train movement that includes within the formation any passenger carrying vehicles with drop
light windows (including Mark 2 air conditioned vehicles), is only authorised between Maryport and Carlisle (in either
direction), subject to the timely and formal issue of a Special Notice to all parties that MUST include the following:

    •    The Person in Charge of the train must ensure that all droplight windows are closed and that they remain
         closed.
    •    The Person in Charge of the train must also ensure that the persons occupying the vehicles have been advised
         not to lean out or extend anything out of any window.
    •    In connection with the operation of a train comprised of Mark 2 air conditioned vehicles, the organiser must
         arrange for Stewards to be positioned at each door of every vehicle to enforce the restriction.
    •    The Person in Charge of the train must brief everyone on board, including the Train Crew, to ensure these
         instructions are adhered to.
Compliance to the above especially amends ‘Table D3 – Route clearance of coaching stock’ as published in Module
NWRC of the LNW(N) Sectional Appendix.
                                                                                                           Dated: 29/11/15

NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
BARROW)
Wigton GF

Setting-back movements from the up main line. When the shunter is ready for the train to set-back the plunger at the
ground frame must be operated to illuminate the white-light set-back signals. The shunter must then authorise the driver to
commence the set-back movement in accordance with the requirements of the Rule Book Module SS2.
In an emergency, the shunter must extinguish the white-light set-back signals and advise the driver to bring the train to a
stand immediately. The shunter may re-illuminate the white-light set-back signals when the movement can recommence
but the driver must also be authorised to continue the movement.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
BARROW)
DALSTON
A train departing from the oil depot which requires to proceed in the Carlisle direction is authorised to set-back along the
Up line and through the crossover worked from Dalston Station No.1 ground frame to the Down line. The train locomotive
is authorised to set-back along the Up line from No.1 to No.2 ground frame in order to run-round the train.
The train locomotive must not pass the board stating “No Shunting past this point” as this will trigger the level crossing
controls for Low Mill level crossing. If a shunt move is required to pass this board, then Low Mill level crossing must be
manned before the shunt move is made.
                                                                                                        Dated: 16/07/2017




October 2009                                                 96
