LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



5.4 Contacting the Electrical Control Operator.
Contact with the ECO can be made either by the emergency telephones described above, or by ringing the numbers
shown below :
 Location              British Telecom            E.T.D.                       GSM-R           Short
                                                                                               Code(ETD)
                                                                               Contact
                                                                               number
 Sandhills ECR         0151-298 2840              085-52101 / 02 / 03 / 04     74 4063 03      170
                       0151-672 0101


6.        Switching off electricity in emergency.
6.1 Any person becoming aware of a derailment, mishap or other emergency requiring or likely to require, the electricity to
be switched off, must telephone the ECO at once, or arrange for this to be done.

6.2 If it would save time, radio or any lineside or other telephone may be used for communicating with the ECO as an
alternative to using an emergency telephone.

6.3 When a lineside telephone communicating with a signal box is used, the messages between the person requesting the
isolation and the ECO must be passed on by the signaller without delay.

6.4 Before telephoning for the electricity to be switched off, traincrews must ensure that where a line(s) other than that on
which their train is standing is obstructed, such line(s) is protected in accordance with the provisions of Rule Book Module
M1.

6.5 The person contacting the ECO must first say that ‘This is an emergency call’, then must state:

(a) where they are speaking from

(b) their name, job title and employer

(c) the line or lines concerned

(d) the location (e.g. the nearest bridge, station, signal or other structure)

(e) the telephone or radio call number you are using (so the ECO can contact you if necessary)

(f)   why the isolation is required and whether any person is in danger from the conductor rail or its connections

(g) whether police, fire, ambulance or other emergency services are waitning to give assistance

The person contacting the ECO must remain in contact until either:

      •   assured by the ECO that the electricity has been switched off and the equipment made safe, or

      •   alternative arrangements have been agreed.

6.6 The person making the request will be known as the person in charge of the isolation and this person alone must be
responsible for dealing with the ECO in these circumstances. If this person is relieved, this person must advise the ECO
the name and grade of the person left in charge of the isolation, who must also confirm to the ECO that this person is now
in charge. The ECO must satisfy himself that the relief is fully aware of the limits of the isolation. Electricity will be restored
only for, or after consultation with, the person in charge of the isolation.




October 2009                                                    47
