                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW8




NW8017 - CANNING STREET NORTH TO ROCK FERRY SOUTH JN.
Canning Street North SB

Birkenhead Docks
Regulations for working over Mersey Docks & Harbour Company lines. Traincrews must keep a sharp lookout when
propelling vehicles.
All trains or vehicles must exhibit a white light in front and a red light in rear between sunset and sunrise and during fog or
falling snow.
Trains of vehicles must not stand foul of any bridge or level crossing or the approach to any bridge or level crossing,
except if necessary for safety.
Trains arriving at Birkenhead going to the various depots must be worked with the locomotive in front until they reach the
depot, when it may be placed at the rear to dispose of the train, which work will be classified as shunting operations.
During shunting operations, the shunter must always be in a position to see that the line is clear in order to give effective
warning to pedestrians and others, and to give signals to the driver.
Vehicles may be propelled on the MD&H Company's Estate from point to point, in which case the shunter must ride in a
runner or other vehicle in front of the train in order to carry out the instructions in the previous paragraph. This will not
apply where vehicles are shunted from the main line into a siding, nor when disposing of trains at depots, as in these
cases the shunters must be on the ground. Each shunter must carry a whistle or shunting horn and the standard shunting
codes must be used.
Drivers must stop short of each road crossing on the MD&H Company’s Estate and not proceed until the driver considers
it is safe to do so.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

NW8017 - CANNING STREET NORTH TO ROCK FERRY SOUTH JN.
Canning Street North SB To ROCK FERRY

Before any train, OTM or RRV is allowed to enter the area controlled by the former Canning Street North Signal Box, the
Area Manager, Merseyside must give permission and will provide written instructions of the method of working. Advance
notice is required.

                                                                                                             Dated: 27/10/08




October 2009                                                  57
