                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF


       The following activities require axle counter heads to be disconnected or removed and must be undertaken with
       appropriate Rule Book, Modules TS1 or T3 protection:
       •Re-railing, resleepering or reballasting
       •Removal of rails with axle counter heads
       •Tamper operations past axle counter heads, other than:
       •   those using a split-head tamping machine suitable for tamping single sleepers around axle counters
       •   journeys of the tamper to or from the work site
       •Stoneblower or ballast cleaner/regulator operations past axle counter heads, but not including journeys to or from the
       work site
       •Any other work which may affect axle counter heads.
       In the Stoke SCC, Rugby ROC, Rugby SCC and Manchester ROC areas, and on the Warrington Low Level lines between
       Arpley and Monks Siding and on the St Helens lines between Thatto Heath and Huyton Junction a conditional axle counter
       reset applies – no technician is required. In other areas, co-operative re-setting equipment is provided. A Signalling
       Technician must be provided to re-set the equipment.
       At Daisyfield, Horrocksford and at signal boxes along the Settle - Carlisle route (Settle Junction, Blea Moor, Appleby
       North, Kirkby Stephen, Culgaith and Low House Crossing) there are axle counters in the Intermediate Block signal
       sections. These have a preparative reset, no signalling technician is required.
       Permanent Way and S & T Equipment utilising wheels for movement along tracks, such as trolleys and engineering
       skates, must not be used without the permission of the COSS/PC/PICOP.
       When giving up a possession, the PICOP must confirm that any affected axle counter sections are fit for use.
       The following activities may be undertaken with lines open to traffic where a safe method of working has been established
       in advance that does not require Rule Book, Modules TSI or T3 protection:
       •Rail grinding past axle counter heads
       •Any work near axle counter heads with tools or any equipment which cannot impact on the operation of the axle counter
       heads
       •Loading and unloading of materials

           Co-operative re-setting equipment is provided. A Signalling Technician must be provided to re-set the equipment.
                                            LNW North Route GI - Dated: 27/08/2022


       Block to Electric Trains Instructions
       For dual mode traction including diesel-electrics or other combined traction types

       When a section of line is blocked to electric trains the following procedure shall be followed before any vehicle capable of
       running as an electric train under 25 KV OHLE is allowed to pass through the affected section of railway line.
       This procedure applies to all movements with the following traction units
       Class 88 electro diesel locomotives
       Class 800 Super Express multiple units
       Class 319 (proposed)
       The train must be brought to a stand at the protecting signal
       The driver must be advised that the line ahead has been blocked to electric trains, giving the limits of the blockage and an
       assurance obtained from the driver that the pantograph has been lowered and will remain lowered until the entire train is
       clear of the affected area.
       Note that where a non-electrified line joins an electrified line, the signaller must also apply reminders on the signal
       protecting the junction from the non-electrified lines.
       Where there is authority to divert trains via alternative routes without advising the driver, dual mode traction types must be
       stopped and the driver advised.
                                            LNW North Route GI - Dated: 08/07/2017




       October 2009                  44
