LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2




NW2025 - ST HELENS STATION JN. TO RAVENHEAD JN.
Ravenhead Jn

Vehicles must not be stabled between Ravenhead Junction and Leathers Chemical Siding.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW2027 - EDGE HILL BOOTLE BRANCH JN. TO REGENT ROAD L.C.
Bootle Branch Jn

An 'OFF' indicator is provided in association with signal LE.121 which may be used to assist set-back movements from the
down Bootle line.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW2027 - EDGE HILL BOOTLE BRANCH JN. TO REGENT ROAD L.C.
Regent Road LC (AOCL)

The Instructions headed 'Automatic Open Crossings locally monitored’ (AOCL) contained in the Rule Book Module TW8,
Section 4, apply at this crossing along with the following additions:
Down Trains. On arrival at the 'Stop and Telephone' board a member of the traincrew must use the telephone to obtain
instructions from the person in charge at Strand Road (PIC).
If, however, after passing the ‘Stop and Telephone' board the flashing white light is not exhibited at the crossing the driver
must bring the train to a stand and not proceed over the crossing until the PIC has arranged for British Transport Police
assistance to stop road traffic.
Up Trains. On arrival at the 'Stop. Press Plunger. Obtain white light and whistle before proceeding' board the driver must
ensure that the yellow points indicator light is illuminated. The guard must unlock the cupboard beneath the ‘Stop’ board
and, provided the indicator in the cupboard is showing 'Line Clear', must operate the plunger to start the level crossing
warning light sequence. The guard must relock the cupboard and rejoin the locomotive, then, provided the flashing white
light is illuminated and the yellow points indication light is still illuminated, the train may proceed to signal ML.62.
If the flashing white light is not exhibited, the driver must not proceed over the crossing until the PIC has arranged for
British Transport Police assistance to stop road traffic.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW2027 - EDGE HILL BOOTLE BRANCH JN. TO REGENT ROAD L.C.
Regent Road LC (AOCL) To Strand Road LC (OC) (M.D.H.C)

Method of Working. The person in charge at Strand Road (PIC) is responsible for:
         all train movements between Regent Road and Strand Road,
         all train movements between Strand Road and Liverpool Bulk Handling Terminal,
         the Train Staff working between Strand Road and Seaforth Container Terminal.
The PIC will arrange for all trains to be accompanied by a shunter between Strand Road and either terminal, and return.
The Regulations for Operating Trains on the Liverpool Dock Estate apply.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/05/07




October 2009                                                  58
