LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2



NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Working of Wapping Sidings

General Arrangements
Access and egress to Up and Down Wapping and Gullet Sidings is controlled by the Liverpool Workstation signaller at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
A Person in Charge (PIC) must be on duty at all times when movements require to be undertaken at Gullet Sidings and Up
and Down Wapping Sidings.
When arriving on site, the shunter or driver will contact the signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation and provide them with
their name, grade, company and contact telephone number. The MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller will advise
whether PIC status is given or if another person has already been granted the role of PIC. If PIC status has already been
granted to another person, the MROC Liverpool signaller will provide the contact details to the arriving shunter or driver.
After obtaining PIC status, the PIC will liaise with the MROC Liverpool signaller and reach a clear understanding of what
movements are required.
Where PIC status has already been given, the arriving shunter or driver must contact the existing PIC and reach a clear
understanding of what movements are required and obtain authority from the PIC before commencing any movements.
Method of Operation
Arriving Trains
If a PIC at Gullet Sidings / Wapping Sidings has already been appointed, their permission must be obtained before a
movement arrives. The PIC and the MROC Liverpool signaller must reach a clear understanding of what movements are
required.
If no PIC has been previously appointed, the driver of the arriving train can also act as PIC for the movement and must
contact the signaller immediately on arrival.
Departing Trains
When a train is ready to depart from Gullet Sidings, the PIC will contact the MROC Liverpool signaller and reach a clear
understanding as to how the outgoing movement is to be dealt with.
If the movement requires to depart the Gullet Sidings via the Down Wapping Siding, the PIC must confirm to the signaller
that a visual check of the Down Wapping Siding has been carried out. The signaller will then, providing no other
movements have been authorised, give you permission to pass Stop Board GSSB1.
Once authority has been obtained from the signaller, the PIC can commence the required shunting moves.
When all movements are completed, and the train is ready to depart, the PIC will advise the MROC Liverpool signaller of
the train’s reporting number and destination.
Giving up the role of PIC
The PIC must only give up the role when all shunting activities have been completed, the sidings are clear and safe, and
no other PIC will assume the role. The PIC must ensure the hand points leading to the Gullet Sidings at the Lime Street
end are left in the Normal position.
                                                                                                         Dated: 04/11/19


NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Working of D.C.E Tamper Siding
New local instruction created
Access and egress to the D.C.E. Tamper Siding is controlled by the Liverpool Workstation signaller at Manchester Rail
Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
A Person in Charge (PIC) must be on duty at all times when movements require to be undertaken. Note: The Driver /
Operator of the OTP can also act as PIC for the movement. When arriving on site, the driver shall contact the signaller at
MROC Liverpool Workstation and provide them with their name, grade, company and contact telephone number. The
MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller will advise whether PIC status is given or if another person has already been
granted the role of PIC. If PIC status has already been granted to another person, the MROC Liverpool signaller will
provide the contact details to the arriving driver.
Arriving OTP
A clear understanding must be reached between the MROC Liverpool signaller and the D.C.E. Tamper Siding PIC. The
permission of the PIC must be obtained before a movement towards the Tamper Siding is permitted.




October 2009                                               50A
