                                                            OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2




NW2009 - ARPLEY JN. TO DITTON EAST JN.
Fiddlers Ferry Power Station SB
Setting-back Movements from the up goods line. An 'OFF' indicator is provided in association with signal No.36, which
may be used to assist set-back movements from the up goods line.
Fiddlers Ferry Power Station. Rule Book Modules M1, M2 and P1 must be carried out as far as they can be applied.
Whilst the train is inside the power station sidings all movements from signal SA to signals S3B and S3C, as well as
signals S7B and S7C, are under the control of the Power Station Controller, who can be contacted by means of the signal
post telephones.
From signals S4B and S4C to signals S14B and S14C the train will be under the control of ‘creep’ signals operated by the
Track Hopper Controller, located in the Hopper House.
Controlled position light signals FF.5 and FF.6, located beneath signals S13B and S13C, are under the control of the
signaller at Fiddlers Ferry Power Station signal box and are provided with signal post telephones. The clearance of ‘creep’
signals S13B and S13C is not an authority to pass signals FF.5 and FF.6 at danger and signals FF.5 and FF.6 must be
cleared before a train can proceed
Running movements within the power station sidings must not exceed 15 mph, setting-back movements must not exceed
5 mph.
Drivers must advise the Power Station Controller by telephone, if a train is detained at Signal SA. If further detained, the
Driver must repeat the call at intervals of not more than 5 minutes.
Drivers must bring their trains to a stand at signals S3B or C positioned at the rear of the gross weighbridge whether or not
the signal concerned has been cleared. When instructed to proceed, the speed of the train must not exceed ½ mph.
Drivers must again bring their trains to a stand at the 'Stop and Await Instructions' board located at signal S5B or C at the
entrance to the Coal Track Hopper House, whether or not the signal concerned has been cleared, and await permission to
proceed.
When permission is given by the Track Hopper Controller to enter the Hopper building, the train must be drawn forward at
a speed not exceeding ½ mph, subject to the observance of any 'creep' signal indications on the discharge track, until the
whole of the train is clear of the empty weighbridge.
A series of 'creep' indicators display five horizontal white lights when in the stop position and five vertical white lights in the
proceed position and are positioned to control movements through the discharge area. (In the case of signals S13B and C
and S14B and C, only three horizontal or three vertical white lights are provided). When a stop indication is displayed, the
driver must immediately bring the train to a stand and not run forward to the next signal.
Should it be necessary for a train which has just passed through the Hopper to set-back, a blue letter 'X' will be displayed,
visible to the driver looking forward only, and all other indications will be extinguished. When the train is required to stop
setting-back, the letter 'X' will be extinguished and the horizontal stop aspect will be displayed and the driver must
immediately stop the train. When a brake van is provided, the guard must remain in the brake van whilst passing through
the discharge area.
The wagon doors are opened and closed automatically as the wagons pass over the coal hopper. However, should any
doors remain open after passing through the discharge plant, the Rolling Stock Technician should bring the train to a
stand by operation of the 'creep' indicators and raise the doors by means of the pull lifts. In the event of a defective vehicle
being found, the Rolling Stock Technician will contact the signaller at Fiddlers Ferry Power Station signal box and inform
the signaller of the position of the defective vehicle on the train.
On the arrival of the train at the semaphore signals on either road 2 or road 1, controlled by Fiddlers Ferry Power Station
signal box, the guard must advise the signaller by telephone of the destination of the train. The signaller must then advise
the guard whether or not there are any 'crippled' wagons on the train to be detached in the cripple wagon sidings.
The provisions of Rule Book Module TW1, Section 6 do not apply to trains departing from the power station sidings.
During a failure of the signalling and associated equipment within the power station sidings the following action must be
taken:
1. Failure of signals/indicators.
Drivers must advise the power station controller, by telephone, of the position of their trains.
2. Failure of telephones.
The driver or guard, if provided, must proceed to the Powergen Control Office (top floor) which is located adjacent to track
B beyond the gross weighbridge and inform the Controller. If a telephone is encountered on route, this may be used
providing the Power Station Controller is made fully aware of the situation and the position of the train.
3. Failure of both signals/indicators and telephones.
In the event of a failure of more than one telephone, or the failure of telephones and signals/indicators the Power Station
Controller will appoint a Powergen Supervisor to escort the train through the power station sidings. During poor visibility
setting-back movements must not be made in the rear of signals S3B and C.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/12/13



October 2009                                                    53
