                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



       The lead locomotive Driver will contact the signaller at Peak Forest South signal box via GSM-R and advise that they are
       ready to depart.
       The lead locomotive Driver will contact the Driver of the rear assisting banking locomotive via GSM-R or two-way radio to
       advise they are ready to depart and are waiting for signals PF26 and PF19 to be cleared.
       Once signals PF26 and PF19 have been cleared, the lead locomotive Driver will contact the Driver of the rear assisting
       banking locomotive via GSM-R or two-way radio to advise the signals have been cleared and will grant authority to
       commence banking. Both drivers are to apply enough power to ensure that the maximum permitted speed of 15mph upon
       exiting Long Sidings is not exceeded.
       The Driver of the banking locomotive must come to a stand in the Long Sidings at a position adjacent to PF13/PF17 signal
       gantry, which is located on the Down & Up Through Siding. The driver of the banking locomotive must not pass this point.
       Once the freight train has fully departed onto the Up Goods line towards Chinley South Jn, the Quarry PIC will contact the
       signaller at Peak Forest South SB to request the route is set from signal PF8 into Cemex Dove Holes Quarry for the
       banking locomotive. Once signal PF8 has been cleared, the Quarry PIC will grant permission for the Driver of the banking
       locomotive to proceed. All signals must be obeyed as normal.
                                                           Dated: 09/11/19
       NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
       Great Rocks Junction SB
       Because of the noise of quarry operations in this area, drivers must make frequent use of the horn during shunting,
       particularly when the view of the line ahead is restricted.
       Working of non-Tarmac (BLI) trains into Tarmac (BLI) Tunstead sidings. Trains may go into the Tarmac (BLI)
       Company's sidings when the appropriate signal is cleared or when authorised to by the signaller at Great Rocks Junction
       signal box, but must not pass the Tarmac (BLI) receptionist's cabin until instructed to do so by the Tarmac (BLI) shunter.
       Trains turned on to the down reception line at the Tarmac (BLI) sidings must not exceed 10 mph on that line. The tail
       lamps of trains stabled on this line must be left lit..
                                                           Dated: 14/07/07
       NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
       Great Rocks Junction SB to Armco Tunnel

       Working of the Down & Up Tunstead Siding at Tunstead sidings.
       Up direction movements. The shunter must obtain the authority of the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box
       before allowing a train to depart from the sidings and proceed over the 'down & up' Tunstead siding to Great Rocks
       Junction signal box. When this authority has been received, the shunter must not allow the driver to proceed until the
       signal applying to the Tunstead siding has been cleared.
       Down direction movements. Down direction movements may be allowed to proceed from Great Rocks Junction signal
       box to Tunstead sidings without being advised to the shunter, However, the guard or driver of a DO train, must tell the
       signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box when the train has arrived at Tunstead sidings complete with tail lamp and is
       clear of the 'down & up' Tunstead siding.
       Failure of telephones. Should the telephone between Great Rocks Junction signal box and Tunstead sidings fail, working
       by pilotman must be introduced over the 'down & up' Tunstead siding.
       Should the telephone at the Tunstead sidings ground frame fail, the driver must obtain authority from the shunter at
       Tunstead sidings before going into the sidings.
                                                         Dated: 21/11/2020




       October 2009                 47A
