                LOR   Seq. Line of Route Description                                                                                                                     Route                  Last Updated




October 2009
               NW0001 005 Explanation of Table A terms and symbols                                                                                                     LNW North                 16/10/2021

                                                            Explanation of Table A terms and symbols - Continued
                  5. Stations                                                                                      Automatic crossings:
                                                                                                                   ABCL:      Automatic barrier crossing - road warning lights and barriers monitored by train
                  Station names are shown in CAPITALS in the Location column. The mileage of a station is
                                                                                                                              crew.
                  traditionally where access between platforms was originally provided - e.g. behind the
                                                                                                                   AHBC:      Automatic half-barrier crossing - monitored by signaller.
                  buffer stops at terminal stations, or where the original station footbridge was located. The
                                                                                                                   AOCL:      Automatic open crossing - road warning lights monitored by train crew.
                  mileage of a station may therefore not reflect the centre of a station, should platforms have
                                                                                                                   AOCL+B:    Automatic open crossing (half-barriers), monitored by train crew. The rules
                  undergone extension at one end, or the station been remodelled.
                                                                                                                              applicable to ABCL level crossings also apply to this type of crossing.
                                                                                                                   R/G:       Miniature red/green warning lights (including miniature stop lights (MSL)).
                  Some stations may not be shown with a specific mileage (or metreage) but will instead
                  show 'start' and 'end' figures to indicate the extents of the station.                           The letter "X" shown after the above abbreviations for level crossing types (e.g. AHBC-X)
                                                                                                                   indicates that the crossing concerned also works automatically for movements in the wrong
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




                  The operational length of each station platform is given in metres and / or yards. These         direction.
                  lengths do NOT take into consideration defensive driving policy or stand-back from signal.
                  A suitable distance must be deducted from the lengths given to allow for this. Where             Other crossings:
                  platform lengths are not given, please refer to the relevant table in the General Instructions
                  section of the Sectional Appendix.                                                               BW:       Bridleway crossing.




63
                                                                                                                   FP:       Footpath crossing.
                                                                                                                   OPEN:     Open crossing without road warning lights.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 OFFICIAL




                                                                                                                   SBC:      Station Barrow Crossing.
                                                                                                                   TMO:      Train crew operated.
                                                                                                                   UI:       Accommodation / occupation or footpath level crossing equipped with User
                                                                                                                             Information equipment.
                                                                                                                   UWC:      User worked crossing.
                  6. Level Crossings

                  Level crossings are indicated by the letters LC and then one, or more, of the abbreviations
                  below, following the name of the crossing:

                  Crossings operated by a signaller or crossing keeper:

                  CCTV: Manual level crossing (full barriers), remotely supervised via closed circuit
                        television.
                  MCB:  Manned level crossing (full barriers), operated locally by a signaller or crossing
                        keeper.
                  MCG: Manned level crossing (gates), operated locally by a signaller or crossing keeper.
                  OD:   Manual level crossing (full barriers), normally automatically operated with obstacle
                        detection.
                  RC:   Manual level crossing (full barriers), remotely controlled.
