LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




1.6 Ashton Moss North Jn to Denton Jn

Metrolink lines run along the centre of the A6140 Lord Sheldon Way where the road crosses the Up Crowthorne and Down
Crowthorne lines approximately 200 metres to the South of Ashton Moss North Junction (South West of Ashton-under-
Lyne). The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 50mph. Trains on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the
Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio communication is provided between the Metrolink
Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains. Train movements over the Network Rail lines are controlled by the
signallers at Manchester ROC, Manchester North Workstation and Denton Junction signal box.


1.7 Ardwick Branch


Metrolink lines pass under the Ardwick Branch lines where the Up Ashburys and Down Ashburys lines cross the Ashton
Canal near to the west of the Ethiad Football Stadium and the Regional Athletics Arena. The maximum permissible speed
of Metrolink trains is 30mph. Trains on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre
at Trafford Depot. Radio communication is provided between the Metrolink Network Management Centre and all Metrolink
trains. Train movements over the Network Rail lines are controlled by the signaller at Manchester ROC – Manchester
North Workstation.


1.8 Styal Lines


Metrolink lines pass under the Up and Down Styal lines approximately 300 metres to the north of East Didsbury station.
The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 50mph. Trains on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the
Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio communication is provided between the Metrolink
Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains. Train movements over the Network Rail lines are controlled by the
signallers at Manchester Piccadilly box.


1.9 Manchester Airport


Metrolink lines run alongside Network Rail’s Platform 4 line for approximately 50 metres from the end of the platform at
Manchester Airport. The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 15 mph. Metrolink trains will use platform 5
(emergency use only) and platform 6




Trains on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio
communication is provided between the Metrolink Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains. Train movements
over the Network Rail lines are controlled by the signallers at Manchester Piccadilly box.


1.10 Baguley

Metrolink lines cross over Network Rail’s Up Main and Down Main lines at 31 miles 66 ¼ chains between Skelton Junction
and Northenden Junction at Southmoor Road overbridge (Bridge 51a). The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink
trains is 30 mph. Trains on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford
Depot. Radio communication is provided between the Metrolink Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains.
Train movements over the Network Rail lines are controlled by the signallers at Northenden box




October 2009                                                53
