                                                            OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Topley Pike GF To Buxton SB

Blasting operations may take place at Ashwood Dale Quarry on Mondays to Fridays at any time between 0900 hrs and
1600 hrs. During blasting operations the line will be blocked to traffic but no advance warning will be given to anyone who
may be on or about the line.
Anyone gaining access to the line between Ashwood Dale and Pic Tor tunnels by means of the access point at the
Derbyshire Stone Co. (Croxton & Garry) Quarry at Ashwood Dale must report to the Quarry Manager’s office, ascertain if
blasting operations are scheduled for that day and, if requested to do so, sign the Visitor’s Register. If blasting is
scheduled for that day, the Quarry Manager’s advice must be sought as to what action must be taken when blasting
operations are about to commence.
Any staff who gain access to the line by any other means must be aware that, 5 minutes before blasting operations
commence, a warning will be given by means of a series of intermittent blasts on a siren. Immediately the siren sounds,
all staff must vacate the area and proceed to a place of safety, either by leaving the area altogether or by taking refuge at
an approved location at the Quarry. Before commencing any work in this area, the person in charge is responsible for
deciding what course of action is to be taken, and if the approved refuges at the Quarry are to be used, the procedure
outlined in the previous paragraph must be carried out.
One minute before the blast takes place, the siren will sound a continuous warning and this will continue until the “ALL
CLEAR” has been given. Normal working must not be resumed until the siren stops.
Anyone who signs the Visitor’s Register in the Quarry Manager’s office, must sign the register again when leaving the site.
Following each blasting operation, the first train requiring to pass over the line will be stopped at Buxton or Great Rocks
Junction signal box and the driver advised of the circumstances and instructed to:
•    proceed cautiously between Ashwood Dale and Pic Tor tunnels at a speed not exceeding 10 mph,
•    be prepared to stop short of any obstruction,
•    stop at the next signal box and advise the signaller whether or not the line is clear.
It is not necessary for the tunnels to be examined on foot or for the driver to be accompanied.
All staff must be aware of the possibility of rocks falling from the cutting sides at any time. If the line is actually damaged or
obstructed or there is reason to suspect that this may happen, the signaller at Buxton or Great Rocks Junction signal
boxes must be advised immediately and action taken to protect the line. In an emergency, a BT telephone is available in
the Quarry Manager’s office (Telephone Buxton signal box on 01298-74044 or Great Rocks Junction signal box on 01298-
768414).
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/10/06

NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Exchanging Tokens at Buxton Signal Box

When a train is signalled from the Up & Down Great Rocks Single Line into the Up Refuge Sidings (URS) at Buxton for the
purpose of running round the train, the driver does not have to stop at Buxton signal box to surrender the token to the
signaller when proceeding into the URS. The requirements of GE/RT8000 Module TW6 Section 3.2 are amended
accordingly.
Once the loco is detached from the train in the URS the following will apply:
4.   Whenever possible the Signaller at Buxton will signal the locomotive from the URS towards the station. In these
     circumstances the Driver must stop at the signal box and surrender the token to the Signaller when proceeding
     towards the station.
5.   If Option 1 is not available to the Signaller the locomotive will be signalled from the URS towards the Up and Down
     Great Rocks Single Line. In these circumstances the driver of the locomotive must:
•    Stop outside the signal box and surrender the token
•    Wait until the Signaller issues a new token
•    Make certain that the section signal is off before entering the single line (unless authorised by the Signaller to pass
     the signal at danger if signalling equipment is defective or disconnected)
•    Stop at the signal box when signalled back from the single line towards the URS and surrender the token.
                                                                                                              Dated: 10/01/15




October 2009                                                   49
