                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



       Obstacle Detection (OD) Level Crossings on LNW Route
       OD level crossings work automatically and are similar to CCTV crossings in that they have full barriers, road traffic signals and
       have protecting signals with telephones linked to the signalbox. Instead of a CCTV camera they use a combination of Radar
       and Lidar (laser radar) to check that there are no objects or persons within the level crossing before a train approaches. The
       normal position of the barriers is raised.
       The following modules contained within GE/RT8000 are amended when working with OD level crossings:
       Duties of a level crossing attendant Handbook 18
       Qualified level Crossing attendants are not permitted to operate an OD crossing until they have been instructed on the use of
       OD crossings. A copy of the attendant’s instructions showing the method of working can be found in the REB at the crossing.
                                               LNW North Route GI - Dated: 06/12/14


       REPORT OF STONE / OBJECT – THROWING AND AIR
       RIFLES
       On receiving a report from a Driver of stones or other objects being thrown, or use of air rifles, the Signaller must, in addition to
       advising Route Control and the BT Police:
       1. Advise the Driver of the first train requiring to proceed through the area concerned, on any line, of the circumstances and
       request them to report back once the train has passed through the area whether stone-throwing / shooting occurred or not.
       The train must not be cautioned.
       2. Where another Signaller is involved, advise that Signaller of the circumstances and ask the Signaller to advise Drivers as
       shown in this procedure, and to pass on any message received from the Driver of a train which has passed through the
       affected area.
       3. Before the Driver of the first train reports back, the Signaller must also stop and advise the Driver of each further train that
       requires to pass the area concerned, on any line.
       4. If the Driver of the first train reports that their train was targeted, the Drivers of subsequent trains must be advised in
       accordance with clause 1 above.
       5. If no further report is received about stone-throwing / shooting from the Driver of any train dealt with above, Network Rail
       Route Control must be advised, and normal working resumed.
                                              LNW North Route GI - Dated: 22/04/2023




       October 2009                  51
