                                                            OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



NW9001 - DORE WEST JN. TO EDGELEY JN. NO.1 (HOPE VALLEY
LINES)
Between Dore Station Jn and Totley Signal Box and Dore South Jn and Totley Signal Box
Rule Book Module P2, Section 7.3: Modified Working Arrangements

When advised by Sheffield PSB that Modified Working Arrangements have been authorised on the: -
    ▪    Down Manchester signle line between Dore Station Junction and Dore West Junction
or the
    ▪    Down Dore Curve signal line between Dore South Junction and Dore West Junction

The signaller at Totley will be instructed to confirm that trains travelling in the down direction are complete with tail lamp.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/12/13
NW9001 - DORE WEST JN. TO EDGELEY JN. NO.1 (HOPE VALLEY
LINES)
Totley Tunnel

Reflectorised marker plates are provided at half-mile intervals throughout Totley Tunnel. These plates consist of a black
number on a white background and are fixed to the recess walls of refuges on both sides of the tunnel. When reporting
track defects or other incidents in the tunnel, the location must be identified from the nearest plates.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/10/06
NW9003 - CHINLEY EAST JN. TO CHINLEY SOUTH JN. (CHORD LINE)
Chinley East Junction To Chinley South Junction

Confirming ‘Train arrived complete’ on the Down & Up Chord line. When a train is brought to a stand on the Down &
Up Chord line at signals CY158 or CY164 the guard, or driver of a DO train, must, after ensuring that the train is complete,
advise the signaller at Chinley signal box by GSM-R or the nearest telephone.
                                                                                                           Dated: 21/11/2020
NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Peak Forest South Long Sidings

Method of Working for Banking Locomotives from Cemex Dove Holes Quarry
Peak Forest Long Sidings are situated on a 1 in 90 gradient climbing towards Peak Forest South. For heavy freight trains,
a rear assisting locomotive in the form of a ‘banking’ locomotive may be required.


If a rear assisting banking locomotive is not available, then a number of wagons must be removed from the train prior to
departure from Cemex Dove Holes Quarry. Wagons must not be detached in either Long Sidings unless the train has
failed as outlined below.
If a wagon set requiring banking assistance is stabled in Long Siding No.1 and the identified assisting locomotive is
required back in Cemex Dove Holes Quarry for shunting operations, Long Siding No.2 must be kept clear to allow the
assisting locomotive to return to the rear of the wagon set prior to its departure.
If the rear assisting banking locomotive fails whilst banking and the leading locomotive is unable to haul the train forward,
then a number of wagons must be detached from the wagon set in Long Sidings prior to the train continuing forward. A
rescue locomotive must be sourced from Cemex Dove Holes Quarry to assist the remaining wagons and failed banking
locomotive back into the Quarry.
Trains departing Long Sidings with Banking Assistance
Upon arrival, the rear banking locomotive will be detached. Once the leading locomotive has been attached to the wagon
set, a brake test will be carried out to prove air continuity throughout the set.
Once the brake test has been completed and lead locomotive pre-checks have been completed, the lead locomotive
Driver will establish radio communication with the Driver of the rear assisting banking locomotive via GSM-R cab-to-cab
radio, or via two-way radio.




October 2009                                                   47
