                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW6




NW6003 - CASTLEFIELD JN. TO ALLERTON JN.
IRLAM

A reflectorised 15mph. Warning Indicator with a left hand arrow is provided at 26 miles 13 chains on the down CLC line
approaching Irlam station. This indicator applies to movements from the down CLC line to the down passenger loop at
Glazebrook East Jn. If a forward route is set from signal GE.40 along the down CLC line, the associated AWS magnet will
be suppressed and no AWS warning will be given. At all other times, drivers must expect to receive an AWS warning
when passing this magnet.
                                                                                                           Dated: 28/12/16

NW6003 - CASTLEFIELD JN. TO ALLERTON JN.
WARRINGTON CENTRAL

Burtonwood US Army siding. This connection must not be used without the authority of the Network Rail Area
Operations Manager, Manchester.
Civil Engineer’s siding. The points of the trailing connection from No.2 siding to the civil engineer’s siding must normally
be kept clipped and padlocked for movements along No.2 siding. The padlock key must be kept in Warrington Central box.
When a movement is to be made to or from the civil engineer’s siding, the person-in-charge of the movement (PIC) must
first obtain the padlock key from the signaller.
When the movement has been completed the PIC must ensure that:
•   any machine(s) or vehicle(s) to be left on the civil engineer’s siding have been properly secured,
•   the points have been clipped and padlocked in the normal position for movements along No.2 siding,
•   the padlock key has been returned to Warrington Central box.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW6003 - CASTLEFIELD JN. TO ALLERTON JN.
HUNTS CROSS

Hunts Cross DMU Sidng. Drivers of trains signalled into Hunts Cross DMU siding must immediately contact the Signaller
at Hunts Cross signal box, using the telephone provided at signal HC.536 and confirm that their train is completely behind
signal HC.536 and clear of HC.748 points.


                                                                                                         Dated: 25/10/2014




October 2009                                                48
