                                                                OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



Sandite application and rail conditioning trains
     1.     Types of rail conditioning trains
            1.1 The Railhead Treatment Train (RHTT) consists of converted and specially-adapted wagons hauled by a
                locomotive at each end
            1.2 The Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) consists of a specially-built unit with driving cabs at each end.
            1.3 Where a DMU is used this consists of a specially modified class 117 or 121.
            1.4 All types of train carry out conditioning of the railhead during autumn by a combination of water jetting and the
                application of sandite traction gel.
     2.     Speed
3.          The maximum speed of trains when water jetting and applying sandite is 60mph, except for the West Coast South
          route where the permitted speed is 60mph when water jetting only
4.          Notices
            4.1 Notices will be produced detailing the locations where sanditing and water jetting will take place.
            4.2 Operations Control must advise signallers of any deviation from the railhead treatment plan which may be
                agreed to cater for exceptional circumstances or to treat a problem location not normally treated.
            4.3 Signallers must pass details of changes to the booked plan to the train if instructed to do so by Operations
                Control.
5.          Signalling arrangements
            5.1 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Jxx when operating water
                jetting-only diagrams.
            5.2 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Sxx when operating
                diagrams that apply sandite.
            5.3 Where train describers are not in use the rail conditioning train will be described by special bell signal or
                special Is Line Clear signal 3-4-2.
            5.4 All types of rail conditioning trains may be relied upon to operate track circuits whether applying sandite or not.
                When applying sandite, signallers must specially observe the passage of the train and the next train to follow
                over track circuits, where provided.
            5.5 Signallers must deal with any failure by the train to operate a track circuit correctly by immediately applying
                Rule Book Module TS11,Section 14 and advising Operations Control of the failure. Rule Book Module TS1,
                Regulation 12 must be applied to all subsequent trains over the affected portion of line until at least 2 trains
                have operated the track circuit normally.
Route availability
Sandite trains are prohibited on route NW8011 between Mann Island Jn. and James Street via the Loop line.
The MPV may travel on any route cleared to the W6a loading gauge or greater in Table D5 of this Sectional Appendix.
(Note that MPV’s fitted with trip cock equipment must have this equipment latched up when operating on lines other than
those electrified by the DC 3rd rail system in the Liverpool Area.)
                                                                                                National GI - Dated: 10/12/16


Use of Fixed Junction Lighting
Before operation of the junction lighting to the on or off position the operator of the lights should check no trains are visible
at, approaching or departing the specific location when the lights are operated. In the event that the operator cannot
ascertain this they must make alternative arrangements to comply with this instruction.
                                                                                     LNW North Route GI - Dated: 06/02/10
.




October 2009                                                      52A
