                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW8



NW8001 - HUNTS CROSS WEST JN. TO SOUTHPORT
FRESHFIELD To AINSDALE

Wheel Impact Load Detector. This equipment analyses the dynamic wheel loads produced by each passing train. The
data obtained may result in an alarm being received in Network Rail control, Merseyrail. A detector system is installed on
the Down Southport line between Freshfield and Ainsdale at 14 miles 03ch. If an alarm is received from the detector, the
train will be stopped by signals and the Driver may be instructed by the Signaller to proceed at reduced speed to a location
where the train can be taken out of service.

                                                                                                         Dated: 07/04/18

NW8001 - HUNTS CROSS WEST JN. TO SOUTHPORT
HILLSIDE

Rule Book Module S7, Section 3, Clause 3.1. During engineering operations or during periods of severe service
disruption, passenger trains may start in the Up direction from the Down platform at Hillside station on the
authority of the clearance of position light signal ML.1072.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/12/13


NW8005 - SANDHILLS JN. TO ORMSKIRK
Aintree Emergency G.F.

Only engineers trains may use the connection, worked from Aintree EGF, between the Bootle Junction to Aintree siding
single line and the down Ormskirk line. A possession of the single line and the down Ormskirk line must also be taken
before the connection can be used.
When not in use, the key to the security gate between the EGF and the down Ormskirk line is kept in Merseyrail IECC.
The PICOP must collect the key personally when the connection is to be used. The PICOP must ensure that the gate is
secured across the connection before giving up the possession and returning the key to Merseyrail IECC. Each time the
key is taken from and returned to Merseyrail IECC, the PICOP must countersign the signaller’s entry in the Train
Register/Occurrence Book.

                                                                                                         Dated: 07/10/06

NW8005 - SANDHILLS JN. TO ORMSKIRK
AINTREE

Rule Book Module S7, Section 3, Clause 3.1. During engineering operations or during periods of severe service
disruption, passenger trains may start in the Down direction from the Up platform at Aintree station on the
authority of the clearance of position light signal ML.1205. A Person in Charge of the platform will also be
appointed to ensure that signal ML.1205 is showing a proceed aspect before giving the guard authority to start the
train.


                                                                                                         Dated: 07/12/13

NW8005 - SANDHILLS JN. TO ORMSKIRK
TOWN GREEN

Rule Book Module S7, Section 3, Clause 3.1. During engineering operations or during periods of severe service
disruption, passenger trains may start in the Up direction from the Down platform at Town Green station on the
authority of the clearance of position light signal ML.1218.
                                                                                                         Dated: 07/12/13




October 2009                                                54
