                                                            OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW5




NW5015 - HADFIELD TO ARDWICK JN.
ARDWICK

Ardwick TPE Train Care Depot

The Operations Supervisor will release the acceptance slot and give permission to the Signaller at Manchester Piccadilly
signal box or Manchester East signal box, as the case may be, to signal movements onto the depot.
A points indicator is located on the approach to S1 points within the depot. This consists of a white directional arrow on a
black background and indicates the lie of the points. The Driver should ensure that the points indicator displays a white
directional arrow, indicating that the points are set correctly. If the points indicator should display a flashing horizontal bar
or a blank indication, then the train should be brought to a stop and the Driver should contact the TPE Operations
Supervisor.
All arrivals must proceed to the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ boards situated on either the South Train Wash Road or the
Train Wash Bypass. All movements beyond this point must be controlled by the TPE Operations Supervisor.
In the event of a failure of the acceptance slot or other signalling equipment which prevents normal movements via the
west end depot access, all movements will normally be made via the east (Ashburys) depot access, except under
exceptional circumstances when movements may be allowed to be handsignalled onto the west end of the depot under
the relevant failure instructions.
Departures. All train crews arriving at Ardwick TPE Depot for the purpose of taking stock off the depot must report in
person to the TPE Operations Supervisor who will advise them of the location and number of the stock.
Under no circumstances must drivers proceed with any movement until instructed to do so by the TPE Operations
Supervisor.
When a train requires to depart from the west end of the depot, the TPE Operations Supervisor must advise the Signaller
at Manchester Piccadilly signal box by means of a train description using the MPSCC OCU and communicating with the
Signaller at MPSCC by the direct telephone link as required.
                                                                                                           Dated: 17/08/2013

NW5019 - GLOSSOP TO DINTING WEST JN.
GLOSSOP To DINTING

Rule Book Module P2. The single lines between Hadfield and Dinting and between Glossop and Dinting are fully track
circuited throughout. If a signal controlling the entrance to either of the single lines cannot be cleared but all the track
circuits associated with that signal and the single line section concerned are indicating correctly, the driver can be
authorised by the signaller at Dinting box to pass the signal concerned at danger. Working by pilotman will not be
necessary.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                   67
