                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2



Before any shunting activities are undertaken a clear understanding must be reached between the PIC, the signaller and
the driver involved on the nature of the movements to be made and what signals will be required to be cleared during the
shunting activities.
To assist in shunting operations the PIC can request the MROC Liverpool signaller to set routes between signals LE47
and LE138 on Waterloo Siding 4 to show a proceed aspect at the same time
Departing Trains
Trains exiting Waterloo or Tuebrook Sidings will normally be routed onto the Up Waterloo Siding.
Before authorising a train to proceed through the hand operated connection between Waterloo Siding 4 and Waterloo
Siding 5, the driver / PIC must contact the signaller and obtain authority for the movement to pass stop board WSSB4 and
proceed towards signal LE34.
If a train is required to exit Waterloo or Tuebrook Sidings via the Down Waterloo Siding, before authorising the train to
proceed through the hand operated connection between Waterloo Siding 4 and Waterloo Siding 5 the driver / PIC must
contact the signaller and obtain authority for the movement to pass stop board WSSB2 towards signal LE122.
If a train is required to exit the sidings from signal LE138, the PIC must advise the signaller of this and confirm to the
signaller that it is safe to return signals LE47 and LE138 to danger. Once this confirmation is received from the PIC and it
is confirmed that the train is ready to depart, the signaller may then clear signal LE138.
Giving up the role of PIC
The PIC must only give up the role when all shunting activities have been completed, the sidings are clear and safe, and
no other PIC will assume the role.
Maintenance / T3 possessions
When maintenance is required to be undertaken in the sidings outside of GBRF Stop Boards protection arrangements will
be made with MROC Liverpool signaller for the sidings be taken under normal PICOS arrangements.
Should access be required within GBRF Sidings in connection with maintenance or in connection with T3 possessions,
arrangements will be made with MROC Liverpool signaller for the sidings be taken under normal PIC arrangements as
detailed above.
                                                                                                           Dated: 04/11/19
NW2023 - SPRINGS BRANCH JN. TO HUYTON JN. (ST. HELENS LINES)
Pilkington’s Oil Sidings

The driver, or guard where provided, of a train which is ready to depart from Pilkington’s Oil sidings must first advise the
signaller at St. Helens Station signal box using the telephone provided. The train must not proceed until the signaller has
given an assurance that signal SH.106 has been cleared for the movement.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW2023 - SPRINGS BRANCH JN. TO HUYTON JN. (ST. HELENS LINES)
ST HELENS CENTRAL to Huyton Junction

IWA, COSS / SWL OR PCBlocking a line and T3 possessions
You must not use a T-COD as additional protection for a line blockage on the Axle Counter track circuits on the Up St
Helens or the Down St Helens lines between St Helens and Huyton Junction.
You must not use a trolley on the Up St Helens or the Down St Helens lines nor do any work that will affect the axle
counters unless reset arrangements have been agreed.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/12/14

NW2025 - ST HELENS STATION JN. TO RAVENHEAD JN.
St Helens Station Jn To Ravenhead Jn

The Regulations for one-train working on single lines where a train staff is provided apply on the down and up goods lines
between St. Helens Station Junction and Ravenhead Junction.
Trains for Ravenhead Junction must travel over the down goods line and return over the up goods line.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                 57
