                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW7




       NW7001 – MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
       Summit Tunnel, Dean Royd Tunnel and Winterbutlee Tunnel
       Due to limited clearances traincrews must not put their heads out when passing through these tunnels
       Owing to restricted ‘window box’ clearances in these tunnels, passenger trains composed of stock with opening windows
       (other than those of the “ventilator” type) are prohibited from traversing these tunnels, except where special authority is
       granted. When authority is granted for passenger trains the following conditions apply:
       1.The train running must be published in a Special Traffic Notice.
       2.To mitigate the risk of limited clearances to passengers while passing through the tunnels:
           a)All passengers must be advised by public address and in writing not to lean out of windows
           b)The train must be staffed by a Train Manager and Stewards, who will be briefed by the Train Manager.
           c)Prior to passing through the tunnels, an announcement must be made using the public address system to
             instruct all passengers not to lean out of the windows during the passage of the train through the tunnels.
             Stewards must pass through all vehicles and repeat the instruction to all passengers.
                                                         Dated: 16/04/2022

       NW7005 - CASTLETON EAST JN. TO HOPWOOD G.F.
       Hopwood GF

       The line on the Bury side of Hopwood Ground Frame (GF) is operated by the East Lancashire Railway (ELR). On arrival at
       the “Stop” board at the Network Rail/ELR boundary drivers of trains from the Castleton direction must hand over the train
       staff to the ELR person in charge (PIC) and then work to the instruction of the PIC. When the GF has been restored to
       normal, arrangements must be made for the train staff to be returned to Castleton East Jn. signal box. If it is necessary to
       make a movement from the ELR arrangements must be made for the train staff to be conveyed to Hopwood GF and
       handed to the ELR PIC to allow the GF to be released.
       Drivers of trains from the Hopwood direction may draw onto the single line, clear of Hopwood GF without the train staff,
       but must ensure they obtain the train staff from the ELR PIC before departing for Castleton.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW7009 - FARINGTON CURVE JN. TO HALL ROYD JN. (EAST LANCS
       LINES)
       Whittle International GF

       Drivers of trains requiring to set-back into Whittle International private siding must bring their train to a stand with the
       locomotive at the '25 SLU' marker board.
       White light set-back signals are provided to assist with the set-back movement into the sidings. The shunter must get
       permission from Company's supervisor before authorising any movement into the siding. The shunter must then authorise
       the driver to commence the set-back movement into the siding in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module
       SS2.
       The driver must bring the train to a stand immediately if the white light set-back signals are extinguished during the set-
       back movement.
       Once the locomotive has passed the last white light set-back signal they must be extinguished. The driver must then work
       to the shunters instructions.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW7009 - FARINGTON CURVE JN. TO HALL ROYD JN. (EAST LANCS
       LINES)
       Hospital LC (CCTV) To Mintholme LC (CCTV)

       If a train is detained at signals PN.481, PN.482, PN.483 or PN.484 and the telephone has failed, the driver may use any
       telephone connected to Bamber Bridge Station level crossing frame.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06




       October 2009                  54
