LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW7




NW7005 - CASTLETON EAST JN. TO HOPWOOD G.F.
Castleton East Jn SB

Working of LWR Depot. The Corus Representative must tell the signaller at Castleton East Junction signal box of any
requirements regarding incoming and outgoing trains and that all is in order to enter the sidings for when the Corus
Representative is not on duty. The signaller will advise the driver or shunter, as appropriate, of the arrangements that
apply.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/10/06

NW7005 - CASTLETON EAST JN. TO HOPWOOD G.F.
Castleton North Jn

The points of the connection between the 'up & down' through siding and the siding neck must normally be kept set for the
siding neck except when it is necessary for a train to proceed to or from Heywood. Immediately a movement has been
made to or from the Heywood single line, the points must be padlocked back in the position shown above.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/10/06

NW7005 - CASTLETON EAST JN. TO HOPWOOD G.F.
Hopwood GF

The line on the Bury side of Hopwood Ground Frame (GF) is operated by the East Lancashire Railway (ELR). On arrival at
the “Stop” board at the Network Rail/ELR boundary drivers of trains from the Castleton direction must hand over the train
staff to the ELR person in charge (PIC) and then work to the instruction of the PIC. When the GF has been restored to
normal, arrangements must be made for the train staff to be returned to Castleton East Jn. signal box. If it is necessary to
make a movement from the ELR arrangements must be made for the train staff to be conveyed to Hopwood GF and
handed to the ELR PIC to allow the GF to be released.
Drivers of trains from the Hopwood direction may draw onto the single line, clear of Hopwood GF without the train staff,
but must ensure they obtain the train staff from the ELR PIC before departing for Castleton.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/10/06

NW7009 - FARINGTON CURVE JN. TO HALL ROYD JN. (EAST LANCS
LINES)
Whittle International GF

Drivers of trains requiring to set-back into Whittle International private siding must bring their train to a stand with the
locomotive at the '25 SLU' marker board.
White light set-back signals are provided to assist with the set-back movement into the sidings. The shunter must get
permission from Company's supervisor before authorising any movement into the siding. The shunter must then authorise
the driver to commence the set-back movement into the siding in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module
SS2.
The driver must bring the train to a stand immediately if the white light set-back signals are extinguished during the set-
back movement.
Once the locomotive has passed the last white light set-back signal they must be extinguished. The driver must then work
to the shunters instructions.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/10/06

NW7009 - FARINGTON CURVE JN. TO HALL ROYD JN. (EAST LANCS
LINES)
Hospital LC (CCTV) To Mintholme LC (CCTV)

If a train is detained at signals PN.481, PN.482, PN.483 or PN.484 and the telephone has failed, the driver may use any
telephone connected to Bamber Bridge Station level crossing frame.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                   54
