                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW1


NW1005 - KIDSGROVE JN. TO CREWE SOUTH JN.
ALSAGER

The driver of a diesel multiple unit booked to stop at Alsager on the down main line must bring the train to a stand at signal
CE.183 irrespective of the aspect displayed at that signal.
Trains formed of Class 323 electric multiple units must not call at Alsager station for passenger duties except in an
emergency.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW1005 - KIDSGROVE JN. TO CREWE SOUTH JN.
Barthomley LC (R/G)

Rule Book Module S4, Section 1.1. If a train is brought to a stand at signal CE.189 or CE.190, the driver must
immediately advise the signaller at Crewe signal box.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/12/13
NW1007 - NANTWICH (EXCL.) TO CREWE SOUTH JN.
Gresty Lane Sidings

Gresty Green Through Siding Trains up to 627 metres (approximately 2058 feet) in length may be run-round on up
Gresty Green Through Siding. When the exit signal at the Nantwich end of the siding clears, the incoming train must be
drawn forward until the leading vehicle is opposite the signal before the locomotive is detached. Trains over this length
must be routed to the down through siding to run-round.
Propelling of engineers trains from Gresty Green sidings. Engineers’ trains which require to be propelled to Crewe
North Junction must not exceed 224 metres (approximately 735 feet).
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/12/15
NW1007 - NANTWICH (EXCL.) TO CREWE SOUTH JN.
Gresty Lane Down Sidings

General Arrangements
Access and egress to Gresty Lane Down Sidings is controlled by the Gresty Lane SCC signaller. The sidings are
operational 24 hours a day. Speeds in the sidings are 5 mph maximum and 3mph maximum when propelling.
Reflectorised Stop and Await Instructions Boards are provided on the Gresty Lane Down Sidings Arrival (GLP1); Gresty
Lane Down Sidings Reception (GLP6) and controlling movements from Gresty Lane Down Sidings.(GLP5 and GLP3)
When shunting movements are to be made beyond these Stop Boards a Person in Charge (PIC) must be appointed
before any movement is authorised.
Gresty Lane Down sidings Ground Switch panel
A Ground Switch Panel (GSP) is provided to control movements to and from Gresty Lane Down Through Siding to the
Down Sidings and to and from the Gresty Lane Down Sidings Arrival.
Signals GL9014 and GL9015 are provided with a dual control function. When the Ground Switch Panel is locked these
signals are controlled by the signaller at Gresty Lane SCC. When the Ground Switch Panel release is given to the PIC the
signals can be operated from the Ground Switch panel.
Method of Operation
Appointment of a PIC
To undertake the role of PIC the person must also be competent to operate the Ground Switch Panel. Before making a
train movement beyond any of the Stop Boards identified by the GLP prefix the person responsible for the movement must
contact the signaller to ascertain whether or not a PIC has already been appointed
If a PIC has not been appointed the person concerned must appoint themselves as PIC and give their name company and
contact details to the signaller at Gresty Lane SCC and advise the signaller that they are now acting as the PIC for Gresty
Lane Sidings. The PIC must reach a clear understanding with the signaller on what movements will be made during the
time they are acting as PIC and if the GSP will require to be operated for the movements.
If a PIC has already been appointed the signaller at Gresty lane SCC must give the contact details of the PIC to the
person wishing to undertake the movement. The PIC must then be contacted by that person and a clear understanding
reached on what movements are to be made. If the PIC is satisfied that the movement can be made safely the PIC will
authorise the movement and advise the signaller at Gresty Lane SCC of the movement.




October 2009                                                 66
