   October 2009




                                                                                                    LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF
               LOR Seq. Line of Route Description                              Route    Last Updated
              NW0001 007 Explanation of Table A terms and symbols             LNW North  16/10/2021

                                Explanation of Table A terms and symbols - Continued
                9. Staff protection                      10. Train protection

                                                         Unless otherwise stated in the Signalling & Remarks column, it is assumed that AWS
                The Signalling & Remarks column will provide details of Automatic Staff Warning Systems
                using one of the following abbreviations:(Automatic Warning System) and TPWS (Train Protection Warning System) is provided on
                FWS- Fixed Warning System.               all running lines. Additionally, it is assumed that TPWS is provided at all main aspect
                TOWS - Train Operated Warning System     signals at the exits from sidings, where the signal controls moves out onto a main running
                                                         line.
                The "Signalling & Remarks" column will provide details of lockout devices (LOD) and the
                                                         The provision of TASS (Tilt Authorisation & Speed Supervision system) and ATP
                lines that they cover. The different types of lockout are as follows:
                                                         (Automatic Train Protection) will be detailed in the Signalling & Remarks column.
                LOD(E): this type of lockout prevents train movements from being made in both directions,
                    either into or out of the protected area, and is a captive key system where the key
                    is normally retained in the lockout device.
                LOD(K): this type of lockout prevents trains from entering the protected area in both
                    directions, but does not prevent train moves within the area or going out of the




                                                                                                        OFFICIAL
                    area. This is a captive key system where the key is normally retained in the
                    lockout device.
   65




                LOD(P): this type of lockout prevents signalled train movements from being made in the
                    'wrong' direction, where the line has been signalled for bi-directional working.
                    This is a key enabled system where the authorised user must obtain the key
                    before operation can commence.
                LOD(T): this type of lockout prevents all signalled moves into the area from being made,
                    but not moves within, or going out of, the protected area. It also prevents moves
                    from being made to signals where the overlap of the route set would be in the
                    protected area. This is a key enabled system where the authorised user must
                    obtain the key before operation can commence.

                Full details of the protection afforded is as defined in the lineside case.
