                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF


13. Traincrew alighting from locomotive and/or examining, etc., their train.

When working over electrified lines, traincrews must not alight from the locomotive more than is necessary. Before
examining, adjusting, repairing, etc., any part of a vehicle which is near to the conductor rail, arrangements must be made
for the current to be switched off.

14. Detraining of passengers in emergency.

Should it be necessary for passengers to be detrained, other than at a platform, the current must be switched off before
they are allowed to leave the train. The conductor rail of the line upon which the train is standing and also any conductor
rails alongside or over which the passengers may have to walk must be isolated.

15. Prevention of damage and obstruction to conductor rail.

Contact must be prevented between any object or ballast and a live conductor rail and material must not be dragged
across or dropped on such a rail.

16. Dangerous to touch collector shoes.

Collector shoes of an electric multiple unit are connected together by cables and whether in contact with the conductor rail
or not must be considered dangerous to life.
                                                                                LNW North Route GI - Dated: 03/12/16


Level crossings protected by non-block signals
Proceeding over a manned level crossing equipped with non-block signals operated by a crossing keeper during
signal failure / disconnection of equipment or Single Line Working.
At the level crossings listed below, the protecting signals are not part of the block signalling and are only provided to
protect the level crossing.
During a signal failure / disconnection of equipment, the driver will receive a green handsignal from the crossing keeper as
authority to proceed over the level crossing irrespective of the aspect / indication shown at that protecting signal.
The Driver having received the green handsignal must regulate the speed of the train in accordance with the aspect /
indication previously displayed at the section signal.
NW4019 Oxenholme to Windermere
Burneside Higher LC (3m 62ch)
NW4033 Carnforth North Jn to Carlisle South Jn (via Barrow)
Kirksanton LC (47m 08ch)
Limestone Hall LC (47m 43ch)
NW6009 Windsor Bridge North Jn to Southport
Chapel Lane LC (24m 06ch)
NW9021 Buxton to Hazel Grove East Jn
Norbury Hollow LC (3m 60ch) (See Local Instructions for further details)


Rule Book Module P1
During Single Line Working at those locations shown below a green handsignal will be displayed at the crossing as
authority for movements to proceed over the crossing in the right direction (where required) and the wrong direction.
NW4033 Carnforth North Jn to Carlisle South Jn (via Barrow)
Kirksanton LC (47m 08ch)
Limestone Hall LC (47m 43ch)
NW9021 Buxton to Hazel Grove East Jn
Norbury Hollow LC (3m 60ch). (See Local Instructions for further details)
                                                                              LNW North Route GI - Dated: 31/10/2020




October 2009                                                 48A
