LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW6




NW6009 - WINDSOR BRIDGE NORTH JN. TO SOUTHPORT
Dean Lane LC (AHBC-X)

If a train is brought to a stand on the up line at the signal protecting the level crossing (BB.101), due to the signal being at
danger, the driver must use the telephone at the signal to contact Burscough Bridge Junction signal box and then carry out
any instructions given by the signaller
If the telephone has failed, the driver must try to speak to the signaller from the telephone at the crossing. If this is not
possible, the driver must operate the emergency plunger provided at the signal to lower the barriers. If the signal then
clears, the train may proceed normally, but the failure of the telephone must be reported to the signaller at Parbold signal
box. If the stop signal fails to clear, the driver may pass the signal at danger but must not proceed over the crossing until
sure that it is safe to do so.
You must not take a line blockage from BB 101 signal, nor use it as a protecting signal for a T3 possession.
Four Lane Ends Obstacle Detector (OD) level crossing

Burscough Bridge BB 103 and BB 102 signals are within the absolute block section between Parbold and Burscough
Bridge signalboxes. You must not take a line blockage from these signals, nor use them as protecting signals for a T3
possession.
                                                                                                                Dated: 20/05/13

NW6011 BOLTON EAST JN TO BLACKBURN BOLTON JN
Turton LC (AOCL+B)

If a train is brought to a stand in either direction due to the level crossing indicator showing a red light or no light, the driver
must operate the emergency plunger provided in the cabinet on the approach to the level crossing indicator light post. If
the flashing white light is then obtained in the level crossing indicator, the train may proceed normally, but the signaller at
Preston PSB must be advised. If the flashing white light is not obtained the driver may proceed provided the driver first
makes sure it is safe to do so and sounds the horn continuously until the front of the train is on the crossing. The signaller
at Preston PSB must be advised.
                                                                                                                Dated: 09/02/19


NW6011 Bolton East Jn to Blackburn Bolton Jn
Turton LC (AOCL+B)

If a train is brought to a stand in either direction due to the level crossing indicator showing a red light or no light, the driver
must operate the emergency plunger provided in the cabinet on the approach to the level crossing indicator light post. If
the flashing white light is then obtained in the level crossing indicator, the train may proceed normally, but the signaller at
Preston PSB must be advised. If the flashing white light is not obtained the driver may proceed provided the driver first
makes sure it is safe to do so and sounds the horn continuously until the front of the train is on the crossing. The signaller
at Preston PSB must be advised.


                                                                                                                Dated: 09/02/19

NW6015 - WIGAN WALLGATE TO KIRKBY
Entire Line Of Route

It is permitted to take a planned T3 or line blockage on the Up Main, Up Liverpool, Down Main, Down Liverpool and Down
and Up Single Line between Kirkby, Rainford signalbox and Wigan Wallgate when Rainford Junction signal box is closed.
If this process is used, the PICOP must arrange and give up the T3 or line blockage with the signaller at Wigan Wallgate.
                                                                                                                Dated: 09/01/16




October 2009                                                    50
