                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2



NW2005 - SPEKE JN. TO GARSTON JN.
Garston Jn To Garston Intermodal Terminal

Working of trains between Garston Jn and Garston Intermodal Terminal
Trains arriving at Garston Intermodal Terminal
Trains arriving for Garston Intermodal Terminal will normally arrive on the Garston Arrival Line. During engineering
activities and in exceptional circumstances, the Garston Departure Line can be utilised for arriving trains.
Before a movement is permitted to occupy the Garston Arrival Line from either Speke Junction or Allerton Junction, the
Signaller at Manchester ROC – Wavertree West Workstation must first reach a clear understanding with the Garston
Terminal Sidings Person in Charge (PIC).
Trains departing Garston Intermodal Terminal
The Garston Intermodal Terminal Sidings PIC or Driver of any departing train must advise the Signaller at Manchester
ROC – Wavertree West Workstation of the reporting number, the destination of the train and give an assurance that the
train is ready to depart. During engineering activities and in exceptional circumstances, the Garston Arrival Line can be
utilised for departing trains.
                                                                                                      Dated: 02/01/2019


NW2009 – ARPLEY JN. TO DITTON EAST JN.
Arpley Jn To Monks Sidings SB
IWA or COSS / SWL Blocking a line and T3 possessions
You must not use a T-COD as additional protection for a line bliockage on the Axle Counter track circuits on the Up Goods
and Down Goods lines between Monks Sidings and Arpley Junction.
You must not use a trolley on the Up Goods and Down Goods lines nor do any work that will affect the axle counters
unless reset arrangements have been agreed. Crosfields CCTV crossing must be on local control before the work starts.
                                                                                                         Dated: 06/12/14




October 2009                                                52
