                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Great Rocks Junction SB
Because of the noise of quarry operations in this area, drivers must make frequent use of the horn during shunting,
particularly when the view of the line ahead is restricted.
Working of non-Tarmac (BLI) trains into Tarmac (BLI) Tunstead sidings. Trains may go into the Tarmac (BLI)
Company's sidings when the appropriate signal is cleared or when authorised to by the signaller at Great Rocks Junction
signal box, but must not pass the Tarmac (BLI) receptionist's cabin until instructed to do so by the Tarmac (BLI) shunter.
Trains turned on to the down reception line at the Tarmac (BLI) sidings must not exceed 10 mph on that line. The tail
lamps of trains stabled on this line must be left lit..
                                                                                                         Dated: 14/07/07
NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Great Rocks Junction SB to Armco Tunnel

Working of the Down & Up Tunstead Siding at Tunstead sidings.
Up direction movements. The shunter must obtain the authority of the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box
before allowing a train to depart from the sidings and proceed over the 'down & up' Tunstead siding to Great Rocks
Junction signal box. When this authority has been received, the shunter must not allow the driver to proceed until the
signal applying to the Tunstead siding has been cleared.
Down direction movements. Down direction movements may be allowed to proceed from Great Rocks Junction signal
box to Tunstead sidings without being advised to the shunter, However, the guard or driver of a DO train, must tell the
signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box when the train has arrived at Tunstead sidings complete with tail lamp and is
clear of the 'down & up' Tunstead siding.
Failure of telephones. Should the telephone between Great Rocks Junction signal box and Tunstead sidings fail, working
by pilotman must be introduced over the 'down & up' Tunstead siding.
Should the telephone at the Tunstead sidings ground frame fail, the driver must obtain authority from the shunter at
Tunstead sidings before going into the sidings.
                                                                                                      Dated: 21/11/2020




October 2009                                                48
