                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




       Rule Book Module TS11 - Failure of, or work on,
       signalling equipment – signallers regulations
       Section 15 - When a train or vehicle fails to operate track circuits
       These instructions apply when a train that has failed to operate track circuits during the leaf fall season is being taken from
       either:
       • the location of the failure to operate track circuits to a suitable location at which the train is to be examined, or,

       • from the location of the initial examination to a further location where the train is to be re-examined or taken out of
         service.
       1. Safe movement of the train.
       1.1
       For the purpose of these instructions the train must be treated as an OTM, which cannot be relied upon to operate track
       circuits, and any other signallers involved in the movement of the train must be advised. The train must be signalled as
       shown in Rule Book Module TS1, Regulation 12..
       1.2
       The driver must be instructed to continue at normal speed but to approach any barrow or foot crossing with white light
       indications at caution not pass over them unless it is safe to do so.
       1.3
       In accordance with Rule Book Module TS9, Section 6.2, signallers / crossing keepers working level crossings with full
       barriers at signal boxes, including by remote control (RC) or by closed-circuit television (CCTV), which are fitted with an
       auto-raise switch must place this in the manual position before the ‘crossing clear’ button is pressed for the train.
       2. Examining the train.
       When the special examination is undertaken, the following procedure must be used:
       2.1 Special examination where it is possible to examine all wheels on the train.
       All wheels on the train must be examined.
       If a wheel exhibits a continuous black band of contamination, half an inch wide or more in the centre of its tread, it is to be
       considered as contaminated.
       If one or both wheels of an axle are contaminated the axle is to be considered as contaminated.
       If more than 50% of the axles examined in the train are contaminated the train must be taken out of service at a suitable
       location immediately or as soon as possible.
       2.2 Special examination where it is only practicable to examine all wheels on one side of the train.
       All wheels on one side of the train must be examined.
       If a wheel exhibits a continuous black band of contamination, half an inch wide or more in the centre of its tread, it is to be
       considered as contaminated.
       If more than 50% of the wheels examined in one side of the train are contaminated the train must be taken out of service
       at a suitable location as soon as possible.
       If 50% or less of the wheels examined in one side of the train are contaminated, the train may proceed to the next suitable
       location at which the wheels on the other side of the train may be examined. If during this further examination more than
       50% of the wheels on the other side of the train are found to be contaminated, the train must be taken out of service at a
       suitable location immediately or as soon as possible.
       When it is necessary for the train to proceed to a point at which it is to be taken out of service or further examined then it
       must be dealt with in accordance with clauses 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3 of this instruction.
                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 02/12/17




       October 2009                  33
