LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2




NW2011 - WALTON OLD JN. TO ARPLEY JN.
Walton Old Jn

Departing southbound trains. Trains from the MSC sidings departing via Acton Grange Junction may be drawn back on
to the up Helsby line in rear of signal WN.218 with the train locomotive attached in rear. Except in an emergency the driver
of the train locomotive must not apply traction power nor interfere with the braking of the train during the drawback
movement. The brake continuity test must be carried out by the driver of the train locomotive before departure from the
sidings. The drawback locomotive must return to the MSC sidings and must closely follow the departing train but must not
pass signal WN.218 until it has returned to danger and again been cleared.
Walton Old Junction sidings and MSC sidings. Shunting movements within Walton Old Junction sidings and the MSC
sidings and setting-back movements from the down Helsby line to Walton Old Junction sidings are controlled by radio
between the person in charge (PIC) and the driver.
Each driver must, before commencing work in the sidings or before a setting back movement is made from the down
Helsby line into Walton Old Junction sidings ensure that a satisfactory radio transmission test is conducted with the PIC.
All radio instructions must be acknowledged and must be preceded by the words 'person in charge to driver' and vice
versa.
Should the radio messages cease to be received or acknowledged at any time, the driver must immediately stop any
movement being made until radio communication is restored or, in the event of it not being restored, a complete
understanding is reached between the PIC and the driver that movements will be controlled by handsignals.
Run-round movements. The shunter will be responsible for carrying out the train preparers duties in respect of the brake
continuity test prior to departure.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/10/06

NW2011 - WALTON OLD JN. TO ARPLEY JN.
Arpley Yard

The Carriage and Wagon (C&W) sidings are situated off No. 4 Extension Siding in Arpley Yard.
Method of working. The person in charge at Arpley Yard and the C&W person in charge (C&W-PIC) must come to a
clear understanding of what is required before any movement is authorised to or from the C&W sidings. All movements
proceeding towards the C&W sidings must be brought to a stand at the ’Stop and Obtain permission to proceed’ board.
The C&W-PIC must ensure that the derailer is removed from the rail and all staff are clear of the line before giving
permission for the movement to enter the sidings.
When all movements have been completed, the C&W-PIC must ensure that the derailer is replaced on the rail and
padlocked before allowing staff to resume work in the sidings.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                55
