                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



       NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
       Great Rocks Junction SB to Armco Tunnel

       Working of the Down & Up Tunstead Siding at Tunstead sidings.
       Up direction movements. The shunter must obtain the authority of the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box
       before allowing a train to depart from the sidings and proceed over the Down & Up Tunstead Siding to Great Rocks
       Junction signal box. When this authority has been received, the shunter must not allow the driver to proceed until the
       signal applying to the Tunstead siding has been cleared.
       Down direction movements. Down direction movements may be allowed to proceed from Great Rocks Junction signal
       box to Tunstead sidings without being advised to the shunter. However, the guard or driver of a DO train, must tell the
       signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box when the train has arrived at Tunstead sidings complete with tail lamp and is
       clear of the Down & Up Tunstead Siding.
       Failure of telephones. Should the telephone between Great Rocks Junction signal box and Tunstead sidings fail,
       working by pilot must be introduced over the Down & Up Tunstead Siding.
       Should the telephone at the south end of the Down & Up Tunstead Siding fail, the driver must obtain authority from the
       shunter at Tunstead sidings before going into the sidings.
                                                         Dated: 03/12/2022
       NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
       Exchanging Tokens at Buxton Signal Box

       When a train is signalled from the Up & Down Great Rocks Single Line into the Up Relief Sidings at Buxton for the
       purpose of running round the train, the driver does not have to stop at Buxton signal box to surrender the token to the
       signaller when proceeding into the sidings. The requirements of GE/RT8000 Module TW1 Section 32.3 are amended
       accordingly.
       Once the loco is detached from the train in the Up Relief Sidings the following will apply:
         1. Whenever possible, the run round movements should take place wholly within the Up Relief Sidings, by using the
            handpoint operated crossover at 164m 68ch.
         2. If Option 1 is not available, the Signaller at Buxton will signal the locomotive from the Up Relief Sidings towards
            the station. In these circumstances the Driver must stop at the signal box and surrender the token to the Signaller
            when proceeding towards the station. Stop outside the signal box and surrender the token
         3. If Options 1 and 2 are both not available to the Signaller the locomotive will be signalled from the Up Relief
            Sidings towards the Up & Down Great Rocks Single Line. In these circumstances the driver of the locomotive
            must:
         •  Stop outside the signal box and surrender the token
         •  Wait until the Signaller issues a new token
         •  Make certain that the section signal is off before entering the single line (unless authorised by the Signaller to
            pass the signal at danger if signalling equipment is defective or disconnected)
         •  Stop at the signal box when signalled back from the single line towards the Up Relief Siding and surrender the
            token.
                                                         Dated: 21/11/2020




       October 2009                  48
