                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4



NW4011 - MORECAMBE SOUTH JN. TO MORECAMBE
Modified Working over the Down & Up Morecambe Line
During Modified Working over the Down & Up Morecambe line between Bare Lane Junction and Morecambe Station the
drivers of trains returning from Morecambe must stop at either signal PN261 approaching Morecambe South Junction on
the Down & Up Morecambe South Curve or signal PN266 approaching Hest Bank Junction on the Down & Up Morecambe
North Curve and confirm to the signaller at Preston PSB that their train is complete with tail lamp.
                                                                                                            Dated: 29/04/17

NW4011 - MORECAMBE SOUTH JN. TO MORECAMBE
Morecambe Jn GF
The key obtained from the key release instrument unlocks the 2-lever ground frame. The key will be released from the
ground frame with the points in either the normal or reverse position after they have been locked by the facing point lock
lever. For movements going to Heysham, the key must be retained and taken on the train to Heysham.
                                                                                                            Dated: 29/04/17
NW4017 - MORECAMBE JN. TO HEYSHAM PORT
Morecambe Jn GF To HEYSHAM PORT
Rule Book Module M2. When it is necessary to provide assistance to a failed train, the driver must advise the signaller at
Preston signal box, giving the exact location of the failed train. Arrangements must be made for a Mobile Operations
Manager with road transport to go to the failed train and take the driver and ground frame release key to Morecambe
Junction GF. The driver of the failed train and the Mobile Operations Manager must then accompany the assisting
locomotive.
                                                                                                            Dated: 08/03/14
NW4017 - MORECAMBE JN. TO HEYSHAM PORT
Heysham Power Station Sidings GF
The line direction is down for trains proceeding to the Power Station and a maximum speed of 10 mph applies in each
direction.
Two AOCL crossings known as Heysham No. 1 AOCL and Heysham No. 2 AOCL, are provided on the Power Station line,
275 metres (300 yards) and 455 metres (500 yards) respectively from the connection with the 'Up & Down' Heysham Line.
At Heysham No. 1 AOCL in the down direction and at Heysham No. 2 AOCL in the up direction, all trains must be brought
to a stand at the ‘Stop’ board approaching the crossing and the plunger operated to start the road traffic lights sequence.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06
NW4019 - OXENHOLME TO WINDERMERE
OXENHOLME
The train staff when not in use is locked in a staff instrument located on Oxenholme station, platform 3.
The driver of a train requiring to proceed on to the single line must obtain the staff from the instrument and upon returning
to Oxenholme must replace the train staff in the instrument and tell the signaller at Carlisle box.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06
NW4019 - OXENHOLME TO WINDERMERE
BURNESIDE

Down trains booked to call at the station must come to a stand with the driving cab no further than the platform ramp at the
Windermere end of the station. The drawing-up of trains for station duties beyond the ramp at the Windermere end of the
station is prohibited.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                 93
