                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF


NW9011 Romiley Jn to Hyde Jn
NW9901 Gargrave to Carlisle South Jn
NW9903 Settle Jn to Carnforth Station Jn
NW9909 Corby Gates to Petteril Bridge Jn
All lower permissible speeds and temporary or emergency speed restrictions must be strictly observed.
                                                                                   LNW North Route GI - Dated: 29/04/17

Overlay Miniature Stop Light (OMSL) level crossings
Certain level crossings are provided with overlay miniature stop light equipment. Like conventional Miniature Stop Light
(MSL) crossings, these provide indications to the users of the crossings on whether it is safe to cross (green) or not safe to
cross (red). The system is designed to overlay existing infrastructure without interacting with it, however permissible speeds
in the wrong direction on the approach should be identified on multiple track lines by wrong direction speed boards. The
system is usually activated by wheel sensors that operate in a similar way to axle counters – when they detect a train they set
the lights to red, when the train hits the strike out sensor the lights go to green.
Where a system failure is detected or operational scenario (e.g. train failure, engineering works) may incur the red indication
for excessive periods, user indications are suppressed and the lights go into ‘dark mode’. On encountering this mode the
user is directed on safe operation by the signage provided, however they can be reactivated by another train passing or
through a manual reset.
All staff should note that, like axle counters, using metal tools or simply passing within a metre wearing safety boots can
cause activation of these sensors, and should be avoided.
                                                                                   LNW North Route GI - Dated: 22/12/18

Protecting a stabled train on a platform line
The following location is permitted to have trains stabled in the platform during a blockage using Rule Book Module TS1,
Regulation 13.2:
      Holyhead
When a platform line is to be blocked under Rule Book Module TS1, Regulation 13.2 and a train is stabled on that line, the
COSS/SWL must supply and ensure that the following protection is placed on the train before authorising the work to start:
During daylight – a NOT TO BE MOVED board or a red flag.
During darkness, fog, or falling snow – a red light (steady or flashing).

The COSS/SWL must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
• at the end from which the train is to be driven, or
• at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end.
                                                                                    LNW North Route GI - Dated: 28/10/17

Recording of conversations
Telephone calls to and from Network Rail Signal Boxes, Electrical Controls, Possession Centres and Operations Controls
may be recorded for the purposes of monitoring the quality of safety related information being exchanged and to assist with
investigations into incidents.
                                                                                   LNW North Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13

RAILWAY CRIME
All railway staff must be vigilant to railway crime and cable theft, and report any suspicious activity on the operational railway,
or in the area of electrical substations, to the controlling signaller.
Some examples of suspicious activity could be:
        Anyone not wearing appropriate PPE, or that do not appear to have a safe system of work.
        Anyone not responding to a train drivers warning, or appearing to hide as trains or people approach.
        Vehicles that do not have any company markings or logos
        Signalling location cabinets with doors open or missing, or troughing lids newly disturbed, with no staff nearby.
        People ‘loitering’ in the area of electrical substations.
In such cases, please inform the controlling signaller as quickly as possible giving precise location details. Drivers do not
need to stop their trains immediately to report this, unless they consider it a safety of the line issue.
                                                                                            National GI - Dated: 30/08/2014

..




October 2009                                                  52
