                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4

       NW4027 - CARLISLE YARD RECESS SIDINGS TO BRUNTHILL
       Brunthill Branch Jn

       Not more than one train is permitted on the Brunthill Branch siding and Brunthill Branch at any one time. A train staff is provided
       which, when not in use, is in the possession of the person in charge (PIC) of Carlisle Yard.
       The driver of any train requiring to proceed towards Brunthill beyond the “Commencement of Staff Section” board, must obtain the
       train staff from the PIC. After the train has left the staff section the train staff must be returned to the PIC.
       When it is necessary to take a possession of any part of the sidings, the person in charge of the engineering work must take the
       train staff and return it once the work is complete.
       The train operator publishes other local instructions applicable to the working of the branch.

                                                           Dated: 07/10/06
       NW4029 - MOSSBAND JN. TO BUSH - ON - ESK
       Mossband Jn To Bush-on-Esk

       Except in an emergency, only one train is allowed at a time on the Longtown siding between 814A points at Mossband Junction
       and the Stop and Telephone board at Gate 10 when exiting the MOD facility.
       Between Mossband Junction and Bush-on-Esk No. 2 level crossing, trains must carry a tail lamp.
       On arrival at the ‘Stop’ board approaching Bush-on-Esk No. 2 (AOCL+B) level crossing, the driver must telephone the MoD
       Traffic control tower for permission to proceed into the depot before operating the plunger to activate the road traffic signals and
       lowering of barriers. If the white light, adjacent to the crossing, does not flash, or it can be seen that the barriers have not lowered,
       then the driver must advise the MoD Traffic Control tower, by telephone, and not proceed over the crossing until an MOD police
       officer has arrived and stopped road traffic.
       An MOD shunter will be stationed at Gaitle level crossing and no movement must be made over this crossing until the shunter
       gives permission for the driver to proceed.
       If a train fails and requires assistance it must be protected in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module M2.
       Assistance protection should be provided on the Mossband Junction side.
       When ready to depart Longtown MOD, train drivers must obtain authority from the Carlisle signaller before entering the siding
       line.

                                                         Dated: 21/07/2018

       NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
       BARROW)
       CARNFORTH

       West Coast Railway Company siding. A shunter must be in attendance whenever a movement is made to or from the West
       Coast Railway Company siding. The shunter must come to a clear understanding with the West Coast Railway Company
       representative and the signaller at Carnforth Station Junction box before any movement takes place.
       The gate at the entrance to the siding must normally be kept locked.

                                                           Dated: 23/06/07
       NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
       BARROW)
       DALSTON
       A train departing from the oil depot which requires to proceed in the Carlisle direction is authorised to set-back along the Up line
       and through the crossover worked from Dalston Station No.1 ground frame to the Down line. The train locomotive is authorised
       to set-back along the Up line from No.1 to No.2 ground frame in order to run-round the train.
       The train locomotive must not pass the board stating “No Shunting past this point” as this will trigger the level crossing controls for
       Low Mill level crossing. If a shunt move is required to pass this board, then Low Mill level crossing must be staffed before the
       shunt move is made.

                                                         Dated: 03/12/2022

       NW4033 - CARNFORTH NORTH JN. TO CARLISLE SOUTH JN. (VIA
       BARROW)
       Salthouse Junction

       If it is necessary for a shunting movement or a locomotive running round its train in the sidings at Salthouse Junction to
       proceed beyond the ‘Stop’ board, the ground frame release must first be obtained and the junction points reversed.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06
       October 2009                  94
