                                                            OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3



NW3013 - HOOTON SOUTH JN. TO HELSBY JN.
Elton Sidings

When movements are required to be made to or from Elton Sidings a Person in Charge (PIC) must be appointed. The PIC
is responsible for all communications with the signaller at Helsby Junction SB, Drivers and Encirc staff responsible for
operation of the Encirc Sidings
Appointment of PIC and Method of Operation
When arriving on site, the FOC ground staff person will contact the signaller at Helsby Junction SB and provide the
signaller with their name and contact telephone number and take the role of PIC. A clear understanding must be reached
between the PIC and signaller on what movements are to be made.
Arriving Trains
Before operating the Acceptance Switch for Siding 1 to the Accept position for an arriving train the PIC must make certain
that:
         The access gate provided on Siding Number 1 is open for the safe passage of the arriving train.
         GSP 2 points are secured in the normal position towards Siding 1
         The GSP Release is in the Normal position
The signaller at Helsby will then set the route from the Up Hooton line to the Sidings and clear signal HY9 for the train to
proceed. Once the train is within the Encirc Sidings the PIC must return the Acceptance Switch for Siding 1 to the Normal
position.
Departing Trains
Before obtaining authority from the signaller at Helsby Junction SB for a departing train to pass Stop Board SB1 the PIC
must advise the signaller of the destination and headcode of the train and ascertain that GSP2 points are secured in the
Normal position.
When in a position to do so the signaller at Helsby Junction SB will set the route from Elton Sidings onto the Down Hooton
line and clear signal HY33 for the train to proceed.
Giving up the role of PIC
Before giving up the role of PIC to the signaller at Helsby Junction SB the PIC must make certain that:
   I.        The access gate provided on Siding Number 1 is closed and secured across the Railway.
  II.        The acceptance switch is in the Normal Position
  III.       The GSP Release is in the Normal position
The PIC must then confirm to the signaller that PIC status is being given up. The signaller must make a suitable entry in
the TRB detailing the time and date when PIC status was given up.
                                                                                                           Dated: 25/06/2016

NW3015 - LLANDUDNO JN. TO BLAENAU FFESTINIOG
Glan Conwy LC (AHBC)

When it is necessary for the up branch home signal (LJ.59) to be passed at danger, the signaller will instruct the driver to
operate the emergency plunger provided at the signal to lower the barriers. The movement must not proceed over the
crossing until the driver is satisfied that the barriers are lowered and the crossing is clear.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

NW3015 - LLANDUDNO JN. TO BLAENAU FFESTINIOG
Tal-y-Cafn LC (MCG)

Each train must be brought to a stand at the 'Stop' board and the driver must not proceed until a green handsignal from
the crossing keeper has been received.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                   102
