                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW5



       NW5001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO MANCHESTER PICCADILLY
       WILMSLOW

       Up locomotive-hauled passenger trains formed of 12 or more vehicles, booked to stop at Wilmslow Platform 4, must be
       brought to a stand at the Sandbach end of the platform.
                                                           Dated: 12/01/08

       NW5001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO MANCHESTER PICCADILLY
       STOCKPORT

       Up locomotive-hauled passenger trains formed of 12 or more vehicles, booked to stop at Stockport, must be brought to a
       stand at platform starting signals ST1.25 (up slow) or ST1.29 (up fast).
       Handbook 8 and TS1 13.2 IWA, COSS, PC or SWL blocking a line
       Line blockages between Stockport No.1 and Stockport No.2 signalboxes must always have additional protection.
       Permissive Working – MPV S&C Video Train Operation – the MPV S&C Video Train is permitted to operate under the
       permissive working arrangements in platforms 1 and 3A.
       Under these circumstances the MPV must be brought to a stand clearly in sight of the train already in the occupied
       platform.


                                                           Dated: 03/10/15

       NW5001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO MANCHESTER PICCADILLY
       Longsight South Jn To Longsight Depot Jn

       Telephones on the ‘up & down’ goods line. Three telephones are provided at intervals along the ‘up & down’ goods line
       at Longsight. Drivers of movements for the Manchester direction must use the nearest telephone to advise the signaller at
       Manchester Piccadilly box of their reporting number and destination.
       All departures via signals MP.39 and MP.44. The designated person (DP) in the chief operating supervisor’s office must
       advise the signaller at Manchester Piccadilly signal box of the departure of all trains and light locomotives from the south
       end of the depot via signals MP.39 and MP.44.
       All departures via signals MP.74, MP.75, MP.76 and MP.77. The DP in the north end supervisor’s office must advise the
       signaller at Manchester Piccadilly signal box of the departure of all trains and light locomotives from the north end of the
       depot via signals MP.74, MP.75, MP.76 and MP.77.
       Arrivals at the north end, (excluding No.37 road). All arrivals must proceed to the ‘Stop & Await Instructions’ boards
       adjacent to the north end supervisor’s office. All movements from this point must be controlled by the PIC.
       Arrivals at the south end. All arrivals must proceed to the ‘Stop & Await Instructions’ boards. All movements from this
       point must be controlled by the PIC.
       Traincrew. All traincrew arriving at Longsight depot for the purpose of taking locomotives or stock off the depot must
       report, in person, to the chief operating supervisor who will advise them of the location and number of the locomotive or
       stock. Under no circumstances must drivers proceed with any movements until instructed to do so by the PIC.
       Longsight Wheel Lathe Depot and Manchester International Depot The person in charge of the Wheel Lathe Depot is
       responsible for the operation of the hand points leading from wheel lathe 3 road to Manchester International Depot. When
       signal MP.69 is cleared for a movement to either depot, it will not be necessary for these hand-points to be examined by
       the traincrew and therefore the requirements of Rule Book Module SS2, Section 3, Clause 3.2 (b) are exempt for traincrew
       only.
       Arrivals. All arrivals at the Wheel Lathe Depot must proceed to the ‘Stop & Await Instructions’ board. All movements from
       this point must be controlled by the PIC.
       All departures via signals MP.65 or MP.83. The designated person (DP) must advise the signaller at Manchester
       Piccadilly signal box of all departures from the Wheel Lathe Depot or Manchester International Depot via signals MP.65 or
       MP.83.
       Traincrew. All traincrew arriving at the Wheel Lathe Depot for the purpose of taking locomotives or stock off the depot
       must report to the DP who will advise them of the location and number of the locomotive or stock. Under no circumstances
       must drivers proceed with any movements until instructed to do so by the DP.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06



       October 2009                  61
