                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




NW3015 - LLANDUDNO JN. TO BLAENAU FFESTINIOG
LLANRWST To BLAENAU FFESTINIOG

The driver of a train which does not require to be shunted clear of the single line at Blaenau Ffestiniog is authorised to
return to Llanrwst signal box without the token being passed through a token instrument. To do this the authority of the
signaller at Llanrwst signal box must be obtained. However, if telephone communication is not available in these
circumstances then trains are authorised to return from Blaenau Ffestiniog but the driver must approach the home signal
for Llanrwst signal box cautiously.
If a down DMU train becomes defective in the section between Llanrwst and Blaenau Ffestiniog the driver is authorised to
return to Llanrwst provided the train is driven from the leading end and approaches the home signal for Llanrwst signal box
cautiously. Where possible the signaller at Llanrwst signal box must be advised by telephone from Pont-y-Pant or Betws-
y-Coed.
Blockage of the line. If a blockage of the line occurs due to flooding between Llanrwst and Blaenau Ffestiniog, provided
there is no train or on-track machine occupying the line between these points, the following special arrangements may be
introduced to allow a train service to be maintained as far as Llanrwst station.
1. A possession of the line must be taken from a point 50 yards on the Blaenau Ffestiniog side of Llanrwst station to
Blaenau Ffestiniog. The protection at Llanrwst must be clearly visible to the driver of a down train arriving in the station.
2. The PICOP, PC or COSS, must sign the relevant entry in the Train Register in Llanrwst signal box but must not take
possession of the token.
3. A label worded “TO LLANRWST STATION ONLY” must be attached to the token while the above special
arrangements are in force. Drivers must work to the instructions given by the signaller at Llanrwst signal box.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW3015 - LLANDUDNO JN. TO BLAENAU FFESTINIOG
BLAENAU FFESTINIOG

A crossing attendant will be provided to supervise movements over the foot crossing at Blaenau Ffestiniog station. The
crossing attendant will usually be a suitably qualified employee of the Ffestiniog Railway Company.
Movements past any stop boards protecting the crossing must be authorised by the crossing attendant. However, if it is
necessary for an engineers train movement to take place whilst the line is under possession, the PICOP or ES, as
appropriate, may authorise movements past the ‘STOP’ boards, provided an assurance has been received from Ffestiniog
Railway Control (Tel: 01766-512340) that the level crossing gates have been secured and will not be used until the
possession is given up.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW3019 - GAERWEN TO AMLWCH
Gaerwen Jn To Amlwch

This line must not be used without the specific permission of the Network Rail Area Operations Manager, Liverpool.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

NW3023 - EDGELEY JN. NO.2 TO MICKLE TRAFFORD
Edgeley Jn No.1 SB (EY1) To Northenden Jn

Method of working. The clearing of the controlling signal will be the driver's authority to proceed on to the single line.
An engineering train must not return to the signal box in rear if the line is under a possession in accordance with Rule
Book Module T3. (For the purpose of this instruction ‘engineering train’ includes on-track machines, light locomotives, self-
propelled rail vehicles or road-rail-vehicles in rail mode).
A trolley must not be placed on the line if the line is under possession in accordance with Rule Book Module T3 or
protected in accordance with Rule Book Module TS1 Regulation 13, unless prior permission has been given by a
representative of the Network Rail Operations Manager.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/12/10




October 2009                                                 103
