LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF


Modified Working
Introduction
Prior to the introduction of Working by Pilotman, Modified Working may be authorised by the Network Rail Route Control
Manager, for a period of up to two hours, or until a Pilotman arrives.
In exceptional circumstances the period of up to two hours may be extended subject to the agreement of the Network Rail
Route Control Manager, the Responsible Person and the Train/Freight Operating companies involved.
In the event of signalling equipment failure on the single lines listed in the table and a Pilotman is not readily available,
modified working may be introduced providing:
•     The Signaller is able to work the points giving access to/egress from the single line or they can be set and detected for
      the passage of trains.
•     Direct verbal communication is available between all Signallers involved and the Responsible Person.


Method of working
In the event of a failure of signalling equipment the Network Rail Route Control Manager will decide whether a Pilotman is
available or, if not, consider authorising Modified Working.
If Modified Working is authorised, a Responsible Person will be appointed who will ascertain that the single line concerned is
clear and that the last train passed clear complete with tail lamp. When this has been done, the Responsible Person will give
permission for the Signaller to issue/dictate a Modified Working ticket RT3177 to authorise the passage of the next train.
This procedure will be repeated by the Responsible Person for each train which passes over the single line under Modified
Working arrangements.
During Modified Working
Once the Signaller has been given authority by the Responsible Person and the arrangements have been confirmed with any
other Signaller involved, and the line is clear in accordance with the train signalling regulations the signaller may then
issue/dictate the RT3177 ticket to the Driver and advise them of any additional information.
When the Driver has read back all the information on the RT3177 ticket along with any additional information and the
Signaller is satisfied that a clear understanding has been reached, the Signaller may authorise the Driver to pass the
protecting signal at Danger and proceed cautiously.
Once a train has been admitted to the single line under Modified Working arrangements, the Signaller(s) concerned must not
authorise any subsequent train (except to assist a failed train) to pass the protecting signals for the single line until it has
been confirmed that the train has passed clear of the single line complete with tail lamp.
Once the train has passed clear of the single line, the Driver must, if previously instructed to do so, stop at the location
identified on the RT3177 and contact the Signaller controlling the exit from the single line. The Driver must confirm if the train
is complete with tail lamp.
In the event of a failed train, obstruction or any other exceptional circumstance, a clear understanding must be reached
between the Responsible Person, all Signallers and Drivers involved before any further movement is authorised.
Lines Where Modified Working is authorised

         Route                   Line name                  Between these                   Remarks
                                                              locations
    NW3001               Britannia Bridge              Menai Bridge South Jn.
                                                       and Menai Bridge North
                                                       Jn.
    NW4011               Down & Up Morecambe           Between Bare Lane and
                                                       Morecambe Station
    NW4033               Up & Down Main                Between Parton and
                                                       Parton North Jn
    NW4033               Up & Down Main                Between Barrow-in-
                                                       Furness and Park South
    NW6011               Down & Up Darwen              Between Blackburn
                                                       Bolton Junction and
                                                       Darwen Station
    NW6011               Down & Up Darwen              Between Darwen Station
                                                       and Bromley Cross
    NW7007               Up & Down Main                Between Rufford and
                                                       Ormskirk
    NW7013               Up & Down Hellifield          Between Daisyfield Jn
                                                       and Daisyfield signal box
    NW7017               Up & Down Colne               Between Gannow Jn and
                                                       Colne

October 2009                                                   50
