LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW8




NW8007 - BOOTLE JN. TO AINTREE EMERGENCY G.F.
Bootle Junction To Aintree Emergency GF

‘Down & Up’ Goods Line. This line may only be used by engineers’ trains under the authority of the Network Rail Route
Infrastructure Maintenance Manager.

Aintree West level crossing. Trains must stop at the 'Stop' boards located 23 metres (25 yards) from the crossing.
Drivers must sound the horn and ensure that the crossing is clear before proceeding.
                                                                                                           Dated: 03/10/09

NW8011 - MANN ISLAND JN. TO WEST KIRBY (VIA LOOP)
JAMES STREET

When a train is stabled in the stabling siding, all handbrakes must be applied and scotches must be placed under the
wheels on the side of the train away from the conductor rail. When not in use, the scotches are kept in the manhole
adjacent to the telephone at the station end of the siding.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW8011 - MANN ISLAND JN. TO WEST KIRBY (VIA LOOP)
CONWAY PARK

Working Instructions for D.C. Electrified Lines In The Liverpool Area, Section F. All instructions applicable to the
Mersey section must be applied through Conway Park station.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW8011 - MANN ISLAND JN. TO WEST KIRBY (VIA LOOP)
BIRKENHEAD NORTH To Bidston East Jn

Birkenhead North TMD depot. The signaller at Merseyrail IECC will advise the person in charge (PIC) at Birkenhead
North depot shunters cabin of the description of a train which requires to enter the ‘arrival and departure’ line, washer road
or ‘up & down’ through siding. The PIC must operate the appropriate slot control to the ‘Off’ position provided no
conflicting movement is being made.
The PIC must advise the signaller at Merseyrail IECC of the description of a train which requires to leave the depot.
The washer road must only be used by empty passenger-carrying coaching stock trains, requiring to go through the wash
plant. All other trains must be routed via the ‘up and down’ through siding.
Wallasey Bridge Road level crossing. The person in charge (PIC) at Birkenhead North TMD depot shunters cabin must
be asked for authority for a down train to approach Wallasey Bridge Road LC. This authority must not be given unless the
PIC can meet the train on its arrival at the crossing. After giving authority for a down train to approach, or when an up
train is ready to proceed to the docks, the PIC must go to the crossing and, when the train approaches, must close the
gates to road traffic. After the train has passed over the crossing, the PIC must reopen the gates to road traffic. The
Goods line to the docks is currently out of use.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

NW8011 - MANN ISLAND JN. TO WEST KIRBY (VIA LOOP)
HOYLAKE

Rule Book Module S7, Section 3, Clause 3.1. During engineering operations or during periods of severe service
disruption, passenger trains may start in the Up direction from the Down platform at Hoylake station on the
authority of the clearance of position light signal ML.1560.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




October 2009                                                 55
