                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

Arriving trains on the Up Ditton Slow line are routed at Ditton West Junction into either Reception Sidings 1, 2 or 3 and
either signal DN8002 on Reception Siding No.1, signal DN8004 on Reception Siding No.2, or signal DN8006 on Reception
Siding No.3, and signal DN826 cleared accordingly.
Shunting Movements. Before any shunting activities are undertaken a clear understanding must be reached between
the PIC, the signaller and the driver involved, on the nature of the movements to be made and what signals will be
required to be cleared during the shunting activities.
The PIC may authorise a shunting movement from Ditton Intermodal Terminal towards signal DN8003 without requiring
the signaller’s permission, providing the PIC is satisfied that no other conflicting movement has been authorised.
Where an arriving train has propelled into Ditton Intermodal Terminal and is stood ahead of signal DN8003 and a forward
movement is required to clear hand points in rear within the sidings before the move can continue again, the PIC must
speak with the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation and obtain authority from the signaller for the movement to take
place before authorising the driver of the train to proceed forward.
Departing Trains. When a train is ready to depart from Ditton Intermodal Terminal, the PIC will advise the signaller of the
headcode of the train and will come to a clear understanding as to how the outgoing movement is to be dealt with.
In normal circumstances, departing trains will be hauled out of Ditton Intermodal Terminal into Reception Siding No.1 or
No.2 as required. If the train is to depart to the south, either a fresh loco will be attached to the train, or the loco which
hauled the train into the Reception Sidings, will run-round and attach if length permits.
If the train is too long for the loco to run-round, the train will proceed to Garston and run-round there instead.
Giving up the role of PIC. The PIC must only give up the role when:
• All shunting activities have been completed between the closed compound gates and signal DN8003 and the line is clear
and safe
• No other PIC will assume the role
Other. Shunting movements that require to enter Ditton Intermodal Terminal or Foundry Lane Sidings are made from
signal DN826 and share the same portion of line until they branch off to their respective sidings. There may be occasions
where collaboration between the PIC for Ditton Intermodal Terminal, the PIC for Foundry Lane Sidings, and the signaller
at MROC Wavertree Workstation, will be required to assist in the arrival or departure of relevant services.
                                                                                                           Dated: 01/09/2020

NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Ditton East Jn – Foundry Lane

General Arrangements. The access and egress to Ditton Reception Sidings are controlled by the signaller at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC) Wavertree Workstation.
A Person in Charge (PIC) must be appointed when movements require to be undertaken at Foundry Lane Sidings.
It is possible that the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation may deal with more than one train movement during busy
periods and these arrangements rely on a clear understanding being reached between the signaller at MROC Wavertree
Workstation and the PIC on site on what movements may be made with each individual train before any movement is
authorised.
Only the PIC is authorised to contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation when train movements are required to
enter or depart the siding or shunting activities require to be undertaken.
Appointment of PIC. When the following activities are undertaken at Foundry Lane Sidings:
• Shunting movements made from signal DN826 that require to enter Foundry Lane Sidings
• Shunting movements made towards signal DN8001
The shunter in charge of the movement must contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation. If the signaller
advises that no other shunter has been appointed to take the role of PIC, then the shunter must give their name, employer
and contact telephone number to the signaller.
The shunter may then be appointed to the role of PIC and agree with the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation the
time that PIC status applies from.
If two shunters are required to be at the compound at the same time, then an agreement must be reached on who will take
the PIC role and the train movements that the PIC will be responsible for authorising. The second shunter must not
undertake or authorise any train movements or shunting activities until the PIC originally appointed as PIC has
relinquished the role and the second shunter is appointed to the role of PIC.
Method of Operation
Arriving Trains. Arriving trains from the Down direction are routed via Ditton East Junction into one of the three Ditton
Reception Sidings and onto the Ditton West Headshunt at Ditton West Junction clear of signals DN8002, DN8004 or
DN8006 as appropriate.




October 2009                                                  50C
