                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4




       NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
       CARLISLE

       Carlisle station - steam-hauled trains. The following method of work must be applied whenever it is necessary to attach
       or detach the locomotive of a steam-hauled train, including occasions when a reversal of direction is to take place. This
       method of work does not replace any requirements of the Rule Book.
       1.1 If it is thought that crowds on platforms will prevent staff from carrying out these instructions safely, the person in
       charge (PIC) must arrange for portable barriers to be provided to create a safe working area.
       1.2 The attaching / detaching of the locomotive must be under the control of one shunter for the entire operation with any
       one train. Assistance must not be given by other employees, or by private owners' representatives. All communications
       between the shunter and driver must be made using radios, if it is necessary to use handsignals they must be exchanged
       on the platform side of the locomotive only.
       1.3 The PIC must ensure that the train has been secured by handbrakes, and then instruct the shunter to commence the
       locomotive change.
       1.4 The shunter must detach the incoming locomotive (and support coach where provided), leaving the air brake pipe cock
       open or the vacuum brake pipe off the dummy coupling of the leading vehicle.
       Whenever possible buck-eye couplers must be uncoupled from the non-platform side of the train. However, if it is
       necessary to carry out this task from the platform side, then the shunter must stand on the platform whilst any easing up
       takes place, and must only stand between the buffers and platform for the purpose of operating the uncoupling chain.
       1.5 The shunter must then attach the forward locomotive (and support coach where provided) and instruct the driver to
       leave the automatic brake valve or brake controller in EMERGENCY until the braking system on the train vehicles has
       been changed from vacuum to air or vice versa.
       1.6 The shunter must then release the brakes by pulling the appropriate release cords/rods, after which the air brake pipe
       cock must be closed or the vacuum brake pipe placed on the dummy coupling, and the driver advised that the changeover
       of the braking system has been completed.
       1.7 After the brake changeover has been completed, the duty manager must ensure that the handbrakes are released,
       following which a satisfactory brake continuity test must be carried out.
       Trains requiring to call at Carlisle, must, unless the locomotive requires water, come to a stand at signals CE.321,
       CE.323 or CE.324 in the down direction and signals CE.301, CE.303 or CE.304 in the up direction.
       After a train or shunting movement has come to a stand at any portion of a platform it must not be moved again until
       authority has been received from the person in charge of the platform. Additionally, a passenger train must not be moved
       until proper warning has been given to passengers who may be getting in or out of or near the train.
       The forward traincrew of all freight trains which have stopped in the station for any purpose must telephone the signaller
       as soon as they are ready to start, unless the signal concerned is already displaying a proceed aspect.
       Stabling of vehicles. Vehicles may be stabled on 'B' and 'C' 'up & down' goods lines as required. It is not necessary for
       detonators to be placed on the line but a red light must be exhibited at each end of the stabled vehicles. The signaller
       must place reminder appliances on the exit button at each end of the line on which the vehicles are stabled and make
       appropriate entries in the Occurrence book when the vehicles are stabled and again when they are removed.
       Shunting movements to the North Eastern shunting neck. If, when the shunter requests permission from the signaller
       at Carlisle signal box for a movement to be made to the North Eastern shunting neck, the neck is already occupied by
       other than stabled vehicles or locomotives, the shunter must advise the driver. If a movement is made after dark or during
       fog or falling snow, the shunter must then proceed on foot to the neck, The shunter must then authorise the driver to
       commence the movement in accordance with the requirements of the Rule Book.
       Propelled movements of empty coaching stock must not be made from Upperby up through goods line (signal CE.275)
       to Carlisle station unless the guard rides on the leading vehicle and can operate the automatic brake whilst maintaining a
       satisfactory view of the line ahead.
       Defective air suspension systems. The speed of any unit with a deflated air suspension bag must be reduced to walking
       pace prior to the train entering platforms 1 to 8 with caution.
       Coupling of Class 14X and 15X units in No. 7 and 8 bays. Class 14X and 15X units must only be coupled at the
       location marked with a white line at right angles to the platform edge in the centre of the platforms adjacent to OLE
       Structure No. G481/41.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06




       October 2009                  91
