                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

The signaller will then set routes DN825B(S) and DN8011A(S) to Ditton Reception Sidings exit signal DN823. Once the
train has pulled forward and is ready to depart from the sidings, the signaller will set route DN823B(M) for the train to
depart onto the Down Ditton Slow line towards Edge Hill.
The Operations Co-ordinator will be responsible for train movements inside the NR / ATCC boundary and will need to
confirm that handpoints are set correctly for the movement within the ATCC before allowing the train to proceed up to
signal DN8012.
Replacing signals in the case of emergency. The Operations Co-ordinator will be able, at any time, to replace to
danger the aspect of signal DN825 when the route is set to the ATTC, by pressing the cancel release button. The
Operations Co-ordinator must immediately advise the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation the nature of the
emergency and request that the route is cancelled by the signaller. The signaller will also get an audible alarm as a
reminder to cancel the route.
When normal operations are about to be resumed, the Operations Co-ordinator must reach a clear understanding with the
signaller before operating shunters release DN8100.
If the Opposing Locking has been omitted and both signals DN825 and DN8012 are showing a proceed aspect, the
Operations Co-ordinator will be able to replace the aspects of both DN825 and DN8012 at any time by pressing the cancel
release button. The Operations Co-ordinator must immediately advise the signaller the nature of the emergency and
request that the route is cancelled by the signaller. The signaller will also get an audible alarm as a reminder to cancel the
route.
Note: If the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation needs to cancel the route after the release has been given,
they shall advise the Operations Co-ordinator on duty and provide the reason why. The Operations Co-ordinator
will need to give another release before signal route DN825A(S) can be set again.
                                                                                                          Dated: 01/09/2020

NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Ditton East Jn – Ditton Intermodal Terminal

General Arrangements. The access and egress to Ditton Reception Sidings are controlled by the signaller at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC) Wavertree Workstation.
A Person in Charge (PIC) must be appointed when movements require to be undertaken at Ditton Intermodal Terminal.
It is possible that the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation may deal with more than one train movement during busy
periods and these arrangements rely on a clear understanding being reached between the signaller at MROC Wavertree
Workstation and the PIC on site on what movements may be made with each individual train before any movement is
authorised.
Only the PIC is authorised to contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation when train movements are required to
enter or depart the siding or shunting activities require to be undertaken.
Appointment of PIC. When the following activities are undertaken at Ditton Intermodal Terminal:
• Shunting movements made from signal DN826 that require to enter Ditton Intermodal Terminal
• Shunting movements made towards signal DN8003
The shunter in charge of the movement must contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation. If the signaller
advises that no other shunter has been appointed to take the role of PIC, the shunter must give their name, employer and
contact telephone number to the signaller.
The shunter may then be appointed to the role of PIC and agree with the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation the
time that PIC status applies from.
If two shunters are required to be at the compound at the same time, then an agreement must be reached on who will take
the PIC role and the train movements that the PIC will be responsible for authorising. The second shunter must not
undertake or authorise any train movements or shunting activities until the PIC originally appointed as PIC has
relinquished the role and the second shunter is appointed to the role of PIC.
Method of Operation
Arriving Trains. Arriving trains from the Down direction are routed via Ditton East Junction into one of the three Ditton
Reception Sidings and onto the Ditton West Headshunt at Ditton West Junction clear of signals DN8002, DN8004 or
DN8006 as appropriate.
If the train is too long to fit onto the Ditton West Headshunt, then the train is to be routed onto the Down Ditton Slow line
towards signal DN307.
Once the signaller has the authority of the PIC for the train to enter Ditton Intermodal Terminal, the signaller will clear
signal DN826, then either signal DN8002 on Reception Siding No.1, signal DN8004 on Reception Siding No.2, or signal
DN8006 on Reception Siding No.3 and, if applicable, signal DN1204 located on the Down Ditton Slow line, for the train to
propel into the sidings.




October 2009                                                 50B
