                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW6




       NW6003 – CASTLEFIELD JN TO ALLERTON JN
       Trafford Park Sidings

       General: Trafford Park Sidings consists of multiple terminals – Trafford Park Freightliner, Manchester International Freight
       Terminal (M.I.F.T.), Trafford Park Euroterminal and Trafford Park Estates.
       The various Terminals are accessible via Trafford Park East Jn through the Platform Line. Trains may arrive via Trafford
       Park West Jn into Reception No.1 only. Trains shall arrive in the Down direction and depart in the Up direction.
       All points within Trafford Park Sidings are hand-operated and the Person-in-Charge (PIC) must ensure handpoints are set
       in the correct position prior to a train movement. Handpoints No.613 and No.616 are detected and must be set correctly
       before the Shunters Release is operated to accept an inbound arrival.
       The Shunters Releases are contained in cabinets which must be kept locked when not in use. The cabinets are locked /
       unlocked with a BR No.16 key
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty, the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       signaller at Manchester ROC Oxford Road Workstation on telephone 0161 880 4004 and report to the Signaller when their
       turn of duty is complete.
       Arrivals:
       Prior to an arrival, the Signaller must obtain permission from the PIC to accept a train before the train’s last regulating
       point. When requested by the Signaller, the PIC shall advise the Signaller of the required routing and operate the
       Shunters Release for the appropriate Terminal or Sidings, allowing the Signaller to set the route. Trains shall be signalled
       via Trafford Park East Jn onto the Platform Line towards the Terminal from the Down CLC line. Trains arriving into
       Reception No.1 shall be signalled via Trafford Park West Jn.
       Trafford Park Freightliner Terminal: The PIC must operate Shunters Release SR MC2606 to accept an inward train and
       the Signaller shall set the route towards the Terminal. The Driver of the inward service shall bring the train to the Terminal
       gates and, upon arrival, the PIC shall hand a radio to the Driver and liaise with the Driver before authorising the train to
       proceed into the Terminal. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the Terminal and ensure the train is secure.
       Shunters Release SR MC2606 is situated within the Terminal.
       Trafford Park M.I.F.T.: The PIC must contact the Signaller to request a signalled route for the arriving services into the
       Terminal. A signalled route to M.I.F.T. requires telephone authorisation only.
       Trafford Park Estates: The PIC must operate Shunters Release SR MC2608 to accept the train onto H Sidings No.1, No.2
       or No.3. Handpoints No.613 must be set in the correct position prior to the Shunters Release being operated. The driver
       shall stop the train at ‘Stop & Telephone’ board SB9 and await further instructions from the PIC.
       Trafford Park Euroterminal: The PIC must operate Shunters Release SR MC2607 to accept the train onto either Departure
       No.1 or Departure No.2. Handpoints No. 616 must be set in the correct position prior to the Shunters Release being
       operated. The Driver shall stop the train at ‘Stop & Await Instructions’ board SB10. The PIC shall hand a radio to the
       Driver and liaise with the Driver before authorising the train to proceed into the Terminal. The PIC shall split the train into
       portions within the Terminal and ensure the train is secure.
       Reception No.1 and No.2 are track circuited as far as ‘Stop & Telephone’ board SB5 and ‘Stop & Telephone’ board SB7
       respectively. If there is no PIC on duty, the Signaller may signal the inward train onto either Reception No.1 or No.2.
       Once the train has arrived at either ‘Stop & Telephone’ board, the Driver must contact the Signaller to assume the role of
       PIC. The Driver must confirm with the Signaller that the route ahead is clear and that all handpoints are set correctly. The
       Driver shall pass the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board bringing the rear of the train in clear of Reception No.1 signal MC1632 or
       Reception No.2 signal MC1630. The Signaller shall have visibility through track circuit occupation that a Reception line is
       accommodated by a train. The Driver shall contact the Signaller to relinquish the role of PIC when it is necessary to do so.
       Departures:
       Trains departing Trafford Park Freightliner Terminal: If a train is starting inside of signal MC7622, once the
       PIC has formed the train, they shall advise the Signaller that the train is inside clear of signal MC7622. If the
       opposed locking omitted is in use to form the train between signals MC7622 and MC7621, when shunting
       movements are completed the PIC, after coming to a clear understanding with the Signaller, shall request the
       opposed locking facility to be cancelled. The PIC shall complete a train




       October 2009                 48A
