                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

Working of Downhill Carriage Sidings
The PIC shall obtain the signaller’s permission before allowing a train to occupy Edge Hill Carriage Siding A between the
“Stop & Await Instructions” board and signal LE123.
The PIC shall obtain the signaller’s permission before allowing a train to occupy Edge Hill Carriage Siding B between the
“Stop & Await Instructions” board and signal LE125.
To assist in shunting operations the PIC can request the MROC Liverpool signaller to set routes between signal LE105 on
the Wavertree Headshunt, and either signal LE106 on Edge Hill Reception Siding 1, signal LE108 on Edge Hill Reception
Siding 2, or signal LE110 on Edge Hill Headshunt, to show a proceed aspect at the same time.
Departing Trains
The PIC shall advise the signaller when a train is ready to leave the Downhill Carriage Sidings, giving the description of
the train, destination and from which siding it will be departing from.
When the Depot / Sidings is unstaffed
Before the PIC departs site, they shall contact the MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller and come to a clear
understanding regarding train movements. They will give an assurance the line is clear up to the Stop & Await Instruction
Board located on Edge Hill Carriage Siding B.
The signaller may, in times of perturbation, after coming to a clear understating with the driver, signal one train only onto
Edge Hill Carriage Siding B up to and not beyond the Stop & Await Instructions board. When the Depot / Sidings is re-
staffed the PIC will contact the signaller. If the signaller has signalled a train on to Edge Hill Carriage Siding B whilst
Alstom Depot / Downhill Carriage Sidings have been unstaffed they must advise the PIC accordingly.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/11/19

NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Halewood Exchange Sidings

General Arrangements. The access and egress to Halewood Exchange Sidings is controlled by the signaller at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC) Wavertree Workstation.
A Person in Charge (PIC) must be appointed when movements require to be undertaken at Halewood Exchange Siding.
Only the PIC is authorised to contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation when train movements are required to
enter or depart the sidings or shunting activities require to be undertaken.
Appointment of PIC. When the following activities are undertaken at Halewood Exchange Sidings, a PIC must be
appointed:
• Shunting movements made from Halewood Reception No.1 or No.2 towards Halewood East Neck buffer stops
• Shunting movements made from Halewood East Neck into the Halewood Exchange Sidings
• Shunting movements made from the Halewood Exchange Sidings to the Halewood East Neck
• Shunting movements made from Halewood East Neck to Halewood Reception No.1 or No.2
The shunter in charge of the movement must contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation. If the signaller
advises that no other shunter has been appointed to take the role of PIC, then the shunter must give their name, employer
and contact telephone number to the signaller.
The shunter may then be appointed to the role of PIC and agree with the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation the
time that PIC status applies from.
If two shunters are required to be at the sidings at the same time, then an agreement must be reached on who will take
the PIC role and the train movements that the PIC will be responsible for authorising. The second shunter must not
undertake or authorise any train movements or shunting activities until the PIC originally appointed as PIC has
relinquished the role and the second shunter is appointed to the role of PIC.
Method of Operation
Arriving Trains. Trains may be routed into Halewood Reception No.1 or No.2 by the signaller at MROC Wavertree
Workstation without a PIC being previously appointed. A train must not be signalled into the Halewood Exchange Sidings
by the signaller until a PIC has been appointed and has given the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation authority to
do so.
If a train arrives from the Down direction and is too long for the Halewood Reception sidings, then the train will be routed
from signal DN859 or DN857 on to the Down Ditton Slow line towards signal WE5819 until the rear of the train is within the
protection of signal DN856 or signal DN858.
Shunting Movements. Before any shunting activities are undertaken a clear understanding must be reached between
the PIC, the signaller and the driver involved, on the nature of the movements to be made and which signals will be
required to be cleared during the shunting activities.




October 2009                                                 50F
