                                                             OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW1
Change of PIC or giving up the duties of PIC
When a PIC is no longer required, the PIC must advise the signaller at Gresty Lane SCC of this. The signaller must make
a suitable entry in the Occurrence book detailing the PIC giving up the role.
If another competent person is present who requires to undertake the role of PIC they must reach a clear understanding
with the PIC giving up the role on the status of the sidings. The signaller at Gresty Lane SCC must be advised of the
change of PIC by the newly appointed PIC who must give their name company and contact details.. The signaller at
Gresty Lane SCC must record the details of the change of PIC in the Occurrence book.
Operation of the Ground Switch Panel (GSP)
When the Ground Switch Panel requires to be operated the PIC must contact the signaller at Gresty Lane SCC and
request the GSP release. The signaller at Gresty lane SCC must only operate the release when signals GL9014 and
GL9015 are at danger and any approaching movement is confirmed to be at a stand. In addition the PIC must confirm that
no movement has been authorised to pass Stop Boards GLP1; GLP3; GLP5 and GLP6.
Once the GSP release has been given to the PIC by the signaller at Gresty Lane SCC signals GL9014 and signals
GL9015 will be operated by the PIC. Before clearing either signal for a movement to be made the PIC must be satisfied
that no other conflicting movement has been authorised and that the movement can be made safely.
Unless an emergency arises that requires either signal to be returned to danger immediately once signal GL9014 or
GL9015 have been cleared for a movement to be made the PIC must not replace either signal to danger in front of a
movement until the driver is at a stand and the driver is aware that the signal will be returned to danger.
When the GSP is no longer required for movements the PIC must, before returning the GSP release to the signaller, make
certain that all movements have been completed and that no movement has been authorised to pass Stop Boards GLP1;
GLP3; GLP5 and GLP6. Signals GL9014 and GL9015 must be at danger and track circuits SHE and SJD must be clear.
The PIC must not leave the GSP until the signaller at Gresty lane SCC confirms that they have detection in the GSP
points and the GSP release is showing a Normal Indication.
                                                                                                             Dated: 05/12/2015
NW1009 - BASFORD HALL JN. TO SANDBACH SOUTH JN.
(INDEPENDENT LINES)
Crewe Sorting Sidings North SB (NH)
Examination of trains on the down slow Independent line. The loud sounding bell fixed on the bank 30 yards north of
OLE structure LL/157/06 at the back of the Goods Warehouse roads between Basford Hall Junction and Crewe Sorting
Sidings North signal boxes will ring to warn staff examining vehicles on the down slow Independent line when Basford Hall
Junction down fast Independent starting signal is in the clear position. This ‘warning’ does not replace the need for staff to
be protected in accordance with Rule Book Module T10.
Tail lamps on terminating freight trains. Guards of freight trains terminating at No. 1 or 2 arrival roads or the loop at
Basford Hall must not remove the tail lamps.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06
NW1023 - HAYDOCK BRANCH JN. TO KELBIT P.S.
Kelbit Private Sidings
Trains are permitted to make propelled movements from the staff section of the single line via the hand points into Kelbit
Private Sidings. Trains are permitted to propel out of Kelbit Private Sidings onto the staff section of the single line. No
propelled movements are to be made from the End of Staff Section board in the Up direction towards WN128 signal.
If a train fails on the Staff section of the single line or inside Kelbit Private Sidings, the driver must retain the token and
meet the assisting locomotive at the Stop and Obtain Staff board. The assisting driver does not need to contact the
signaller for permission to pass the Stop and Obtain Staff board if the driver of the failed train is present with the staff.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/10/06

NW1027 - PRESTON SOUTH JN. TO STRAND ROAD
Preston South Jn
Shunting movements on to the Strand Road Branch at the Preston end must always have the locomotive leading.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                    67
