                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



NW9013 - WOODLEY JN. TO BREDBURY SIDINGS
Woodley Jn To Bredbury Sidings

GENERAL AMENDMENTS
A Person in Charge Bredbury Sidings (PICBS) must be on duty at Bredbury Sidings before a train can be signalled into or
from Bredbury Sidings. Only the PICBS is authorised to speak with the signaller at Manchester East SCC when train
movements are to enter or depart the sidings.
The shunters release at Bredbury Sidings is contained within a vandal proof cabinet which must be kept locked when not
in use. The cabinet door is locked /unlocked by a BR No 1 key.
Authority for a train to pass a Stop Board in the sidings or to operate the shunters release can only be given by the PICBS.
If an Agent is appointed by the PICBS the Agent must not give authority for a movement to pass a Stop Board or operate
the shunters release until a clear understanding has been reached on what is required and the PICBS has given the Agent
permission.
1. Method of Operation.

Speeds
The maximum speed of trains within the sidings ahead of Stop Board BS2 is 5mph when hauled and 3mph when
propelling

Taking duty
When a shunter takes duty at Bredbury Sidings unless it is apparent that a PICBS has already been appointed the shunter
must contact the signaller at Manchester East SCC.
If the signaller advises that no other shunter has been appointed to take the role of PICBS the shunter must give their
name, employer and contact telephone number to the signaller.
The shunter must then take duty as the PICBS and agree a time with the signaller from which PICBS status applies from.
The signaller must record all relevant details regarding the appointment of the PICBS in the signaller’s occurrence book.
If two shunters take duty at the same time an agreement must be reached on who will take the PICBS role. Once
agreement has been reached the PICBS must advise the signaller at Manchester East SCC accordingly.

Appointment of PICBS Agent
When a PICBS and shunter are on duty together the shunter may be appointed to act as an Agent to the PICBS when this
will assist in the operation of the site.
The PICBS agent may operate the shunters release upon instruction from the PICBS when a train is to be accepted into
the sidings and after an arriving train has proceeded beyond Stop Board BS2

Leaving or changing duty
Before a PICBS leaves duty if another shunter is to remain on site at Bredbury the PICBS must make certain that the
shunters release is in the Normal position. The PICBS leaving duty must brief the shunter on the position of trains in the
sidings and give all relevant details relating to the operation of the sidings to the shunter. Once a clear understanding has
been reached the PICBS leaving duty must advise the signaller at Manchester East SCC of this and give to the signaller
details of the shunter who will take over the role of PICBS to the signaller. The signaller must record the details of the
change of PICBS in the Occurrence Book.
When a PICBS leaves duty and no other shunter is present the PICBS must make certain that the shunters release is in
the Normal position and that the cabinet is secured.

Arriving Trains
When a train is ready to enter Bredbury Sidings, the signaller at Manchester East SCC will contact the PICBS and advise
of the trains head code. The PICBS will operate or instruct the agent to unlock the cabinet and operate the shunters
release when able to do so. When the shunters release has been operated by the PICBS or agent, if the incoming train
requires to run-round at Woodley, the shunters release cabinet must be locked before the PICBS leaves site to deal with
the run-round. The person responsible for authorising the train to pass Stop Board BS2 must reach a clear understanding
with the driver on the arrangements that will apply before authorising the train to proceed beyond the stop board. When
the last wagon of the train or a light locomotive train has passed Stop Board BS2 the shunters release must be placed to
the Normal position and the signaller at Manchester East SCC advised that the shunters release is in the Normal position.




October 2009                                                 50
