                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



       7. Manchester ROC – Manchester North Workstation area
       Miles Platting Jn. and Vitriol Works
       Thorpes Bridge JN and GMC Siding (incl.)
       Philips Park West Jn. and Brewery Jn.
       Philips Park West Jn. and Ashburys West Jn.
       Baguley Fold Jn. and Philips Park South Jn.
       8. Ditton signal box area
       Carterhouse Jn. and Ditton East Jn.
       Runcorn Station and Ditton East Jn.
       Ditton East Jn. to Speke Jn.
       9. Rugby ROC – Stafford Workstation area
       Down and Up Norton Bridge lines between Yarnfield Jn and Little Bridgeford Jn / Searchlight Lane Jn
       Norton Bridge East Chord throughout.
       All lines between Doxey Junction (exclusive) and Basford Hall (limits of Rugby ROC, Stafford Workstation signalling at
       154m 40ch)


                                            LNW North Route GI - Dated: 31/07/2021


       Rule Book Module DC – Electrified lines
       Section 3.1 – Treating the CRE as being live
       Additional instructions concerning personal safety on lines electrified by the DC conductor rail system within Network Rail
       London North Western Route (North) will be found as follows:
       • the Work Instruction titled ‘Work Instructions for DC Electrified Lines in the Liverpool Area’, or,
       • the General Instruction shown in this publication titled ‘Instructions to traincrews working other than DC electric trains
         and other staff who are required to work over, or in the vicinity of, DC electrified lines in the Liverpool area’.
       Staff working on the DC electrified lines in the Liverpool area should refer to the ‘Work Instructions for DC Electrified Lines
       in the Liverpool Area.’ The general instruction contained in this sectional appendix is intended primarily as a ‘working
       over’ document for traincrew and others who come into contact with the DC network at boundary locations such as Hunts
       Cross, Chester and Bidston and who do not work primarily on DC electrified lines.
                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 24/12/11


       Rule Book Module AC - Electrified lines
       Section 14 - Instructions for examining the OLE
       On receiving a report from a Driver of an ADD activation the requirements of this instruction should be complied with
       provided all the following conditions apply:
         • The train involved is a Virgin class 390 (Pendolino).
         • No loss of OHL supply has occurred (no tripping).
         • The pantograph in use at the time of the ADD activation has been lowered and the second pantograph has been
           raised, no loss of OHL supply occurred (no tripping).
       The next train through the section on the affected line must be cautioned to examine the line at a speed not exceeding
       20mph from point of ADD to the location where the previous train came to a stand. In this circumstance there is no
       requirement to examine from an adjacent line.
       Where primary means of supporting the OLE is by a headspan wire then the 20mph speed restriction must be applied on
       all lines until the above examination procedure is carried out successfully on each line or is proved clear by alternative
       means.
       Provided the examination(s) report no issues and there is no further ADD activation or tripping occurrences, normal
       working may resume.
       The infrastructure maintenance OHL teams must be called to inspect/patrol as normal by the ECO.
                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 24/12/11




       October 2009                  10
