                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




       Duties of Competent person
       AOCL+B Level Crossings LNW North Route
       If you are acting as competent person at an AOCL+B crossing and it is necessary to restore the crossing to auto working,
       you must ensure the barriers are fully lowered before placing the switch into the central position and closing and locking
       the door on the Local Control Unit. Whilst using the Local Control Unit at the crossing, you must ensure the crossing has
       fully responded to each operation of the switch before moving the switch to another position. Failure to do this will result
       in the crossing failing and S&T attendance will be required to restore it to normal operation.
                                                LNWN Route GI - Dated: 09/02/19

       Dynamic Risk Assessment
       This notice is to advise that Dynamic Risk Assessment process is authorised for use under trial conditions.
       The purpose of DRA is to provide a continuous assessment of risk in the rapidly changing circumstances of an operational
       incident, in order to implement control measures necessary to make certain of an acceptable level of safety.
       Its application should be applied by operational management staff seeking to assess operational system risk, and identify
       control measures that deliver a safety benefit in rapidly changing operational incidents affecting the normal operation of
       the railway.
       The Scope of DRA is currently restricted for trial purposes to London South Eastern route (Anglia, Kent Sussex), LNW
       route, Scotland route and Western Route.
       DRA can only be facilitated and implemented by those trained to do so.
                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 01/02/14



       EMU stock fitted with buckeye couplers which are
       normally maintained in the ‘up’ position
       Where it is necessary for any member of the staff to go between two units fitted with buckeye couplers, either
       of which is capable of being moved, the person concerned must take possession of the driver’s brake
       controller key, returning it to the driver when the operation requiring the person to go between the units is
       completed.
                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06



       Giving Up a T3 Around a Train Rule Book T3 Section 7
       and Handbook 11 Section 12.2
       It is not permitted to give up a T3 possession around an engineering train(s) or OTM(s) that does not reliably
       work track circuits. If a technical problem means it will no longer operate track circuits reliably, the PICOP
       must contact the controlling signalbox or workstation. The PICOP must arrange for the train(s) or OTM(s) to
       exit the possession site at caution before giving up the T3 possession, and ensure the signaller is made aware
       that the train(s) or OTM(s) will no longer reliably work track circuits.

                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 02/12/17

       GSM-R - Cab Radio Registration
       AREA SPECIFIC 99X LOCATION CODES

       When required to use a 99X location code to pre-register or to register the cab radio as shown in the GSM-R
       user procedures the following area specific location code must be used in the areas covered by this Sectional
       Appendix:
       996 London North Western Route
                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 02/09/09




       October 2009                 45A
