                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




       NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
       Heritage G.F.

       The ground frame which controls access to Crewe Heritage Centre siding is kept normally locked and the key retained in
       Crewe box.
       All movements to and from the Heritage Centre siding via the ground frame must be under the control of the Network Rail
       Area Operations Managers representative.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06
       NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
       BANGOR

       Tail lamp telephone. When a train comes to a stand in the Down Passenger Loop or on the Down Main line, the driver or
       guard must immediately advise the signaller at Bangor signal box by means of GSM-R or the telephone on the Down
       platform, whether or not the train has arrived complete with tail lamp.
       ‘OFF’ indicators in Belmont Tunnel. 'OFF' indicators are provided in association with the shunting disc signal on the
       Down Main line in Belmont tunnel, 69 metres (75 yards) on the Holyhead side of the signal box. These may be used to
       assist set-back movements.
       The guard or shunter must advise the signaller at Bangor signal box when the movement may commence.
       Failure of signals protecting the single line over the Britannia bridge. If there is a failure of any equipment preventing
       signal BR10 and signal BR58 from being cleared, a pilot may be appointed who will, under the authority of the signaller,
       personally instruct the driver of each train to pass on to the single line.
                                                           Dated: 03/12/22

       NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
       Crewe Electric Traction Depot

       Incoming movements. The signaller at Crewe signal box must be advised of the description and length of all movements
       for the Electric Traction Depot (ETD), prior to departure.
       When trains require to leave the ETD at the Crewe North Junction end, the ETD person in charge (PIC), after ensuring
       that the facing hand points have been properly set and secured, must advise the signaller at Crewe signal box that the
       train is ready to depart.
       The speed of trains within the ETD must not exceed 10 mph.
       The PIC, when making arrangements for the arrival and departure of trains, will be responsible for instructing the drivers of
       any locomotives in the ETD sidings not to move towards the fouling point.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06




       October 2009                  95
