LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2


NW2001 – WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
RUNCORN
Ineos Chlor, high tension cables. Extra high tension cables are laid on the up and down sides of the running lines. The
cables are laid underground on the up side of the Runcorn Dock branch, crossing under the line behind Runcorn down
platform. Other cables are attached to the parapet wall of the viaduct and to the main girders of Runcorn bridge on the
down side.
These cables are charged with electricity dangerous to life and they must on no account be interfered with.
If a fire is observed by any member of staff in the vicinity of the cables or anything denoting possible danger to them, the
signaller at the Manchester ROC, Wavertree Workstation must be advised in order that Ineos Chlor and the Electricity
Authority may be advised.
Only sand should be used in dealing with a fire on, or in the vicinity of high tension cables and it must be thrown on from a
distance so as to avoid contact between the person and the cable or troughing. When an assurance has been received
from Ineos Chlor, and the Electricity Authority that the cables have been made dead, water may be used to extinguish a
fire.
                                                                                                           Dated: 09/05/18


NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Ditton East Jn

O’Connor’s siding. Whenever a movement requires to leave O’Connor’s siding the Person in charge (PIC) of the
movement must advise the signaller at Ditton box by telephone of what requires to be done. The movement must not
leave the siding concerned until the signaller gives permission. The PIC must advise the signaller at Ditton box whenever
a movement has been shunted back into O’Connor’s siding clear of the access gate.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/10/06


NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Ditton Reception Sidings –Alstom Train Care Centre
Ditton Sidings Ground Switch panel
A ground switch panel is provided to control movements to and from the Alstom Train Care Centre. When movements are
required to be made to or from the Alstom Train Care Centre an Alstom Train Care Centre Operations Co-ordinator
(hereafter referred to as Alstom Operations Co-ordinator) will be appointed. The Alstom Operations Co-ordinator will be
responsible for all communication with the signaller at Ditton signal box and operation of Ditton Sidings ground switch
panel. Communication between the Alstom Operations Co-ordinator and Alstom Ground Staff and Drivers will be by
shunting radio.
Operation of the Ground Switch Panel (GSP)
When Ditton Sidings ground switch panel requires to be operated the Alstom Operations Co ordinator must contact the
signaller at Ditton signal box and request the ground switch panel release. The signaller at Ditton signal box must only
operate the ground switch panel release when satisfied that no conflicting movement has been authorised and a clear
understanding has been reached with the Alstom Operations Co-ordinator on the nature and number of movements to be
made.
Once the ground switch panel is in operation signals DS1 and DS2 will be operated by the Alstom Operations Co-ordinator
from the ground switch panel. Before clearing either signal for a movement to be made the Alstom Operations Co-
ordinator must be satisfied that no other conflicting movement has been authorised and that the movement can be made
safely.
Unless an emergency arises that requires either signal to be returned to danger immediately, once signal DS1 or signal
DS2 has been cleared for a movement to be made, the Alstom Operations Co-ordinator must not replace either signal to
danger in front of a movement until the driver is at a stand and the driver is aware that the signal will be returned to
danger.
When the ground switch panel is no longer required for movements, the Alstom Operations Co-ordinator must, before
returning the ground switch panel release to the signaller, make certain that all movements have been completed and that
no movement has been authorised to pass signal DS1 or DS2. Once the ground switch panel release is given back to the
signaller at Ditton signal box the Alstom Operations Co-ordinator must not leave the ground switch panel until the signaller
at Ditton signal box confirms that the ground switch panel release indication is showing Normal.
                                                                                                           Dated: 18/06/17




October 2009                                                 50
