                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4


       NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
       Kingmoor Jn

       Up exchange sidings. When a movement is made to or from either group of the up exchange sidings the person in
       charge of the movement must, when the movement has arrived in the exchange sidings or has arrived on the up through
       sidings, reset the points for movements along the up through siding and advise the signaller at Carlisle signal box
       accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
       Kingmoor Yard

       Down Arrival line. When a train arrives at the 'Stop & Telephone' board on the Down Arrival line, the driver must
       immediately contact the Yard Manager at the amenity block who will instruct the driver in which of the Down Recess
       Sidings the train is to be placed. The driver must then ensure that the hand-points are set for the correct siding and that
       there is room for the whole of the train to be accommodated on the siding.
       Down Departure line. When a train arrives at the 'Stop & Telephone' board on the Down Departure line, the driver must
       obtain the authority of the signaller at Carlisle signal box to proceed to signal CE.506. Upon arrival at signal CE.506 the
       driver must confirm that the train has arrived complete, then operate one of the ‘Train arrived complete’ plungers.
       Up Arrival line. When a train arrives at signal UD.1, the driver must confirm that the train has arrived complete, then
       operate one of the ‘Train arrived complete’ plungers. The person in charge (PIC) at the Up Departure cabin must be
       advised by telephone of the description of the train. The PIC will tell the driver which line the train is to proceed to and will
       set the points before clearing the signal.
       ‘B’ Group Siding. The entrance to the ‘B’ Group Siding is via the Down Departure ground frame and only one movement
       is allowed to be in the siding at a time.
                                                           Dated: 02/06/07

       NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
       Kingmoor Maintenance Depot

       All non-Direct Rail Services staff (i.e. other TOCs, FOCs and Network Rail), on arrival at Kingmoor TMD by train are to
       contact the Duty Security Officer as soon as reasonably practicable on 01228 406 466.
       All visitors must inform the Duty Security Officer of the names of individuals, company, service, reason for being on site
       and estimated time of departure.
       If any non-Direct Rail Services staff are required to disembark from the train for a protracted period of time they are to
       attend the Security Gate house and obtain a visitors pass.
                                                         Dated: 02/06/2018

       NW4003 - PRESTON FYLDE JN. TO DEEPDALE JN.
       Preston Fylde Jn To Deepdale Jn

       Preston Deepdale Branch. This line must not be used without the specific permission of the Network Rail Area
       Operations Manager.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW4007 – KIRKHAM NORTH JN TO BLACKPOOL SOUTH
       Moss Side LC (ABCL)

       Approaching the crossing in the Up direction (towards Kirkham): If one Drivers White Light fails to illuminate, the
       driver may proceed as normal.
       If both Drivers White Lights fail to illuminate, Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.4 applies. The authority to proceed over
       the crossing in accordance with this instruction also includes the authority to pass the Stop Board displayed on approach
       to the level crossing.
       Approaching the crossing in the Down direction (towards Blackpool South): Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.4
       applies.
                                                         Dated: 28/08/2021


       October 2009                  92
