                                                            OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




Class 92 locomotives - operational restrictions
In addition to the route availability shown in Table D4 of this Sectional Appendix the following Class 92 traction specific
instructions must be carried out by all concerned:
•     The locomotive electrical train supply (ETS) must not be connected.
•     If two locomotives are coupled together or used in the same train formation, then only one shall be under power and
      connected to the traction electrical supply system.
•     Regenerative braking is prohibited.
•     When being dead-hauled the ‘Battery Isolation Switch’ must be set to the ‘Isolate’ position.
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06



CLASS 390 PENDOLINO LED ROOF LIGHTS
A number of Class 390 Pendolino’s are fitted with CCTV cameras near both pantographs. Each camera has a high
intensity LED light which will be illuminated irrespective of whether the nearby pantograph is in use or not.
Anyone observing these LED lights on the roof of Class 390 trains do not need to arrange to stop the train specially unless
there is something else unusual affecting the train.
The cameras are intended to help monitor the condition of the OHLE and provide evidence if OHLE problems occur.
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 01/08/15



Cleaning of locomotive windscreens in platforms
1. Cleaning of windscreens under overhead line equipment.
Cleaning of locomotive windscreens under live overhead line equipment (OLE) can only be done where specially
authorised as follows:
               Location                                                       Traction
     Crewe                               All locomotives
     Liverpool Lime Street               All AC electric locomotives and Class 31 and 47 diesel locomotives
     Manchester Piccadilly               All locomotives
   Preston                           All locomotives.
This work must only be done by authorised staff using equipment specially provided for this purpose. (The equipment
provided must never be raised above the top of the locomotive windscreen.)
2. Method of work.
The following instructions apply at all locations where there is no OLE and at the ‘electrified’ locations specially authorised
above. There are also additional instructions for cleaning of locomotive windscreens at Preston and Crewe stations in the
relevant local instructions section(s) of this publication.
Whilst the work is being carried out the provisions of Rule Book Module T10 must be applied. In addition to the
requirements of Section 6 of Module T10 the following additional protection must be provided before work commences:
a)    A red flag, or a red light (particularly if visibility is poor), must be exhibited 20 yards (20m) from the end of the last
      vehicle nearest the direction from which vehicles might be shunted against the locomotive(s) on which the cleaning is
      taking place. The red light may be steady or flashing.
b)    If it is possible for vehicles to be shunted against both ends of the locomotive(s) on which the cleaning is taking place,
      this protection must be provided at both ends.
c)    A ‘NOT TO BE MOVED’ board must be positioned on the driving desk in each locomotive cab. Only the staff carrying
      out the work are authorised to position and remove these boards. Whilst a reminder device is exhibited, the
      locomotive must not be moved.
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                   45
