                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

       If the train is too long to fit onto the Ditton West Headshunt, then the train is to be routed onto the Down Ditton Slow line
       towards DN307.
       Once the signaller has the authority of the PIC for the train to enter Foundry Lane, the signaller will clear signal DN826,
       then either signal DN8002 on Reception Siding No.1, signal DN8004 on Reception Siding No.2, or signal DN8006 on
       Reception Siding No.3 and, if applicable, signal DN1204 located on the Down Ditton Slow line, for the train to propel into
       the sidings.
       Arriving trains on the Up Ditton Slow line are routed at Ditton West Junction into either Reception Sidings 1, 2 or 3 and
       either signal DN8002 on Reception Siding No.1, signal DN8004 on Reception Siding No.2, or signal DN8006 on Reception
       Siding No.3, and signal DN826 cleared accordingly.
       Shunting Movements. Before any shunting activities are undertaken a clear understanding must be reached between
       the PIC, the signaller and the driver involved, on the nature of the movements to be made and what signals will be
       required to be cleared during the shunting activities.
       The PIC may authorise a shunting movement from Foundry Lane Siding towards signal DN8001 without requiring the
       signaller’s permission, providing the PIC is satisfied that no other conflicting movement has been authorised.
       Where an arriving train has propelled into Foundry Lane Sidings and is stood ahead of signal DN8001 and a forward
       movement is required to clear hand points in rear within the sidings before the move can continue again, the PIC must
       speak with the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation and obtain authority from the signaller for the movement to take
       place before authorising the driver of the train to proceed forward.
       Departing Trains. When a train is ready to depart from Foundry Lane Sidings, the PIC will advise the signaller of the
       headcode of the train and will come to a clear understanding as to how the outgoing movement is to be dealt with.
       In normal circumstances, departing trains will be hauled out of Foundry Lane Sidings into Reception Siding No.1 or No.2
       as required. If the train is to depart to the south, either a fresh loco will be attached to the train, or the loco which hauled
       the train into the Reception Sidings, will run-round and attach if length permits.
       If the train is too long for the loco to run-round, the train will proceed to Garston and run-round there instead.
       Giving up the role of PIC. The PIC must only give up the role when:
       • All shunting activities have been completed between the closed compound gates and signal DN8001 and the line is clear
       and safe
       • No other PIC will assume the role
       Other. Shunting movements that require to enter Ditton Intermodal Terminal or Foundry Lane Sidings are made from
       signal DN826 and share the same portion of line until they branch off to their respective sidings. There may be occasions
       where collaboration between the PIC for Ditton Intermodal Terminal, the PIC for Foundry Lane Sidings, and the signaller
       at MROC Wavertree Workstation, will be required to assist in the arrival or departure of relevant services.
                                                         Dated: 01/09/2020

       NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
       Working of Wapping Sidings

       General Arrangements
       Access and egress to Up and Down Wapping and Gullet Sidings is controlled by the Liverpool Workstation signaller at
       Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
       A Person in Charge (PIC) must be on duty at all times when movements require to be undertaken at Gullet Sidings and Up
       and Down Wapping Sidings.
       When arriving on site, the shunter or driver will contact the signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation and provide them with
       their name, grade, company and contact telephone number. The MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller will advise
       whether PIC status is given or if another person has already been granted the role of PIC. If PIC status has already been
       granted to another person, the MROC Liverpool signaller will provide the contact details to the arriving shunter or driver.
       After obtaining PIC status, the PIC will liaise with the MROC Liverpool signaller and reach a clear understanding of what
       movements are required.
       Where PIC status has already been given, the arriving shunter or driver must contact the existing PIC and reach a clear
       understanding of what movements are required and obtain authority from the PIC before commencing any movements.
       Method of Operation
       Arriving Trains
       If a PIC at Gullet Sidings / Wapping Sidings has already been appointed, their permission must be obtained before a
       movement arrives. The PIC and the MROC Liverpool signaller must reach a clear understanding of what movements are
       required.
       If no PIC has been previously appointed, the driver of the arriving train can also act as PIC for the movement and must
       contact the signaller immediately on arrival.




       October 2009                 50D
