LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2



NW2015 - ORDSALL LANE JN. TO EDGE HILL
LEA GREEN

The driver of a train which is stationary at Lea Green station must not leave the driving cab except in emergency or if
necessary in connection with the rules & regulations. In such circumstances, the driver must apply the parking brake
before leaving the cab.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

NW2015 - ORDSALL LANE JN. TO EDGE HILL
WHISTON to BROAD GREEN

IWA, COSS/SWL OR PC Blocking a line and T3 possessions
You must not use a T-COD as additional protection for a line blockage on the Axle Counter track circuits on the Up Chat
Moss / Up Chat Moss Fast and /or Up Chat Moss Slow lines, or the Down Chat Moss / Down Chat Moss Fast and/or
Down Chat Moss Slow lines between Broad Green Station and Whiston Station.
You must not use a trolley on the Up Chat Moss / Up Chat Moss Fast and/or Up Chat Moss Slow lines or the Down Chat
Moss / Down Chat Moss Fast and/or Down Chat Moss Slow lines nor do any work that will affect the axle counters unless
reset arrangements have been agreed

                                                                                                             Dated: 09/10/17
NW2015 - ORDSALL LANE JN. TO EDGE HILL
WAVERTREE TECHNOLOGY PARK To Bootle Branch Jn

Run-round instructions Up and Down Wapping Lines at Edge Hill
General Arrangements
Access and egress to Waterloo and Tuebrook Sidings is controlled by the signaller at Liverpool Workstation located at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
Stop Boards are provided on the Down Waterloo Siding and Up Waterloo Siding. Authority to pass Stop Boards WSSB1
or WSSB3 in the Down direction is given by the Person In Charge (PIC). Authority to pass Stop Boards WSSB2 or
WSSB4 in the Up direction is given by the signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation.
A PIC must be appointed when movements require to be undertaken at Waterloo and Tuebrook Sidings
Control of the sidings beyond Stop Boards WSSB1 and WSSB3 is under the control of the PIC – the appointment of which
is detailed below.
Appointment of PIC
When arriving on site, the shunter or driver will contact the signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation and provide them with
their name, grade, company and contact telephone number. The MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller will advise
whether PIC status is given or if another person has already been granted the role of PIC. If PIC status has already been
granted to another person, the MROC Liverpool signaller will provide the contact details to the arriving shunter or driver.
After obtaining PIC status, the PIC will liaise with the MROC Liverpool signaller and reach a clear understanding of what
movements are required.
Where PIC status has already been given, the arriving shunter or driver must contact the existing PIC and reach a clear
understanding of what movements are required and obtain authority from the PIC before commencing any movements.
Arriving Trains
Arriving trains wishing to proceed beyond the Stop Boards will normally be routed onto the Down Waterloo Siding up to
stop board WSSB1. When required, an arriving train can be routed onto the Up Waterloo Siding to stop board WSSB3
providing the signaller is satisfied that no conflicting movements have been authorised.
If a train is to enter the sidings via signal LE143 the signaller must contact the PIC and obtain permission for the train to
enter the sidings before placing signals LE47 and LE138 to danger (if already off) and clearing signal LE143.
Trains arriving via Bootle Branch
If the driver has been previously appointed to undertake PIC duties prior to arrival or confirms to the signaller at MROC
Liverpool Workstation that they have spoken to the appointed PIC and have come to a clear understanding, the driver,
when they arrive, may proceed past the Down Waterloo Siding stop board WSSB1 or the Up Waterloo Siding stop board
WSSB3, providing the siding is clear to bring the train in clear of the Bootle Branch lines.
Shunting Movements




October 2009                                                  56
