                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW7




       NW7001 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN. TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
       MANCHESTER VICTORIA

       Working of steam locomotives. Steam locomotives and steam hauled trains must be routed into platforms 3 and 4 only.
       Drivers must bring their trains to a stand at the platform starting signals, clear of the station roof. They must ensure that
       excessive smoke is not emitted and that there is no excessive escape of steam from the safety valve.
       Starting of trains from platforms - additional instructions to Rule Book Module SS1, Section 6, Clause 6.5.
       Except for light locomotives, the READY-TO-START signal must be given by means of the right away (RA) indicator.
       On trains that do not have an opening window by the door controls, the guard must close all passenger doors, leaving the
       local door open. When the person in charge of the platform has given the STATION WORK COMPLETE signal, the guard
       must give the READY-TO-START signal to the person in charge of the platform, before closing the local door. The person
       in charge of the platform must ensure that the local door is shut and the hazard light is extinguished before pressing the
       RA plunger.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW7001 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN. TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
       Newton Heath TMD

       When a movement requires to enter Newton Heath Traction Maintenance Depot, the signaller at Manchester ROC –
       Manchester North Workstation must request the slot from the Northern Trains Operations Team Leader at Newton Heath
       Traction Maintenance Depot.
       The Northern Trains Operations Team Leader must only give the slot when satisfied that the movement can be made
       safely and no other conflicting movement has been authorised.
                                                           Dated: 07/04/15

       NW7001 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN. TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
       Castleton South Jn

       A restriction is imposed for all trains at Castleton South Junction. The restriction is required due to a weight restriction on
       Bridge 48A, which traverses the M62 motorway at Castleton South Junction. The restriction will continue until the
       structure has been renewed.
       Trains or vehicles must not be allowed to pass any other train/vehicle over this structure on the adjacent line.
       Before allowing any train or vehicle to proceed beyond either signal CE49, CE52 or CE60 in the Up direction, the signaller
       at Castleton East Junction SB will maintain signals CE34/CE39/CE40 and CE1 at danger until the train or vehicle has
       passed clear of Bridge 48A.
       Before allowing any train or vehicle to proceed beyond signals CE34/CE39/CE40 or CE1 in the Down direction, the
       signaller at Castleton East Junction SB will maintain signals CE49, CE52 and CE60 at danger until the train or vehicle has
       passed clear of Bridge 48A.
       The restriction will be managed by the signaller at Castleton East Junction signal box.
                                                         Dated: 11/02/2023




       October 2009                  53
