                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
CHESTER

Working of the barrow crossing. The barrow crossing at the Crewe end of the station must only be used when the
station lifts have failed and a an attendant has been appointed. The attendant’s permission must be obtained before any
persons are allowed to cross.
Stabling of trains. When it is deemed necessary due to engineering works or other related circumstances, then not more
than 2 x Class 507 or Class 508 electric multiple units coupled together are authorised to be stabled on the Up Slow line
(Platforms 7A and 7B) at Chester. This authorisation only applies overnight between the last train of the day and the first
train of the following day.
During the period when the Class 507 or Class 508 electric multiple units coupled together are stabled on the Up Slow line
(Platforms 7A and 7B) at Chester, the Driver concerned must secure the train and ensure an illuminated tail light is
displayed on each end of the stabled train.
This authorisation especially amends Rule Book Module TW1, Clause 36.2 in respect of the stabling of trains in other than
an authorised location.
Chester Diesel Depot. Movements onto the depot must normally be made from the station end and movements off the
depot from the Birkenhead end.
All movements on the depot and service roads between the board worded `Stop & Telephone’ on the depot road and
signal CR.554, and between the east end headshunt and signal CR.543, are under the control of the depot supervisor.
The depot supervisor must authorise all movements between these points except for any movement made on service road
No.1 or the depot road towards signal CR.106 for which the authority of the signaller at Chester signal box is needed.
Chester Diesel Depot - East Headshunt. The portion of line between the board worded, `Stop and Telephone’ and the
stop block is designated a Jarvis siding. Movements from the Jarvis siding must not be made without the authority of the
depot supervisor.
Movements leaving the depot at the Birkenhead end. On arrival at signal CR.554, the driver must advise the signaller
at Chester signal box by telephone of the description and destination of the movement.
Method of working at Chester Train Care Centre
General
Under no circumstances must trains be stabled on Siding 5.
Movements departing Chester Train Care Centre. When a movement requires to depart the Train Care Centre via
Siding 5, to enter Chester Middle Yard, the driver must obtain permission from the signaller in Chester signal box before
passing the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board at the exit of the Train Care Centre.
The signaller at Chester signal box may give permission for the movement to pass the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board to enter
Chester Middle Yard, and the driver advised that they must comply with Rule Book Module SS2, Section 4.1 and 4.2 as
applicable.
If the movement requires to proceed along Siding 6, providing no other conflicting movement has been authorised, the
Person in Charge of the movement may authorise the driver to pass the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board for shunting purposes
only.
Movements required to enter Chester Train Care Centre. The signaller at Chester signal box must obtain the
permission of the Person in Charge at Chester Train Care Centre, before authorising a movement to enter Chester Station
Yard Siding 5.
The Person in Charge must only give permission for the movement if no other conflicting movement has been authorised.
If a movement requires to enter the Train Care Centre from Siding 6 the permission of the Person in Charge at Chester
Train Care Centre must first be obtained before passing the ‘Stop and Telephone’ Board.
The Person in Charge must only give permission for the movement if no other conflicting movement has been authorised.
                                                                                                         Dated: 07/12/13




October 2009                                                 96
