                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW7



       NW7013 - DAISYFIELD JN. TO HELLIFIELD
       LANGHO

       The Driver of a train which is stationary at Langho station must not leave the driving cab except in emergency or if
       necessary in connection with the rules & regulations. In such circumstances the parking brake must be applied before
       leaving the cab.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW7013 - DAISYFIELD JN. TO HELLIFIELD
       CLITHEROE

       Starting of passenger trains from Clitheroe station. One minute before an up train is due to depart from Clitheroe
       station, the guard must advise the signaller at Horrocksford Junction box, by telephone, that the train is ready to depart.
       The train must not depart until Horrocksford Junction up main starting signal has been cleared.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW7013 - DAISYFIELD JN. TO HELLIFIELD
       Horrocksford Jn SB

       Movements crossing from the down line to the up line. Except during fog or falling snow, when authorised to pass the
       down main starting signal at danger for the purpose of shunting from the down line to the up line at Horrocksford Junction,
       drivers must not sound the horn and Rule Book Module S5, Part A, Section 4, Clause 4.1 (a) does not apply in this
       respect.
                                                           Dated: 15/06/09

       NW7017 - GANNOW JN. TO COLNE
       Modified Working over the Up & Down Colne line

       When Modified Working is in operation over the Up and Down Colne line between Gannow Junction and Colne the driver
       of an Up direction train must advise the signaller at Preston PSB A panel that the train is complete with tail lamp when the
       train is clear of the single line. If the train is booked to stop at Rose Grove Station the driver must use GMSR to do this
       when stationary in the platform. If the train is not booked to stop at Rose Grove Station the driver will be stopped at Signal
       PN372 on the approach to Rose Grove Station instead.
       Assistance to a failed train between Brierfield Station and Colne

       If a train fails between Brierfield station and Colne and requires assistance, the driver of the assisting train will be stopped
       at either signal PN368 or signal PN369 at Gannow Junction. Before being authorised to pass the signal at danger, the
       driver will be instructed to stop at signal PN553 at Brierfield OD Level Crossing and obtain further instructions from the
       signaller at Preston PSB A panel.
                                                           Dated: 01/12/14

       NW7017 - GANNOW JN. TO COLNE
       Brierfield MCB-OD Level Crossing

       Signals PN552 and PN553 are non–block stop signals that are provided for the protection of Brierfield MCB-OD level
       crossing on the Up & Down Colne line. They must not be used for taking Line Blockages or Rule Book Section T3
       possessions.
                                                           Dated: 29/09/14




       October 2009                  56
