   October 2009




                                                                                                    LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF
              LOR Seq. Line of Route Description                               Route    Last Updated
             NW0001 003 Explanation of Table A terms and symbols              LNW North  16/10/2021

                               Explanation of Table A terms and symbols - Continued
               3. Signalling - Continued                Direction of signalling
                                                        The direction that main aspect signalling applies to, will be indicated by an arrow in the
               Mode of signalling                       running line, pointing in the appropriate direction:
               The following abbreviations will be used in the Signalling & Remarks column to indicate the
               type of signalling that applies to the running lines shown on that diagram:

               AB:     Absolute Block.
               C2:     (See Western Route Sectional Appendix, General Instructions for
                       details).
                                                          A   B  C   D
               CBTC:   Communications-Based Train Control.
               ERTMS L2:
                       European Rail Traffic Management System (Level 2).
                                                        A:Running line provided with main aspect signalling in one direction only.
               ET:     Electric Token Block.
                                                        B:Running line provided with main aspect signalling in both directions, with no
               ETCS Level 2:
                       European Train Control System Level 2.
                                                          predominant direction of travel.
               ETCS Level 3:
                       European Train Control System Level 3.
                                                        C:Running line provided with main aspect siganlling in both directions, with the




                                                                                                        OFFICIAL
               NB:     No Block.
                                                          predominant direction of travel indicated by a double arrow.
               NST:    No Signaller Token.
   61




                                                        D:Running line provided with main aspect signalling in both directions, but with simplified
               NSTR:   No Signaller Token with Remote Crossing Loops.
                                                          bi-directional signalling (i.e. fewer signals) in the direction indicated by the white,
               OTS or OT(S):
                       One Train Working where a Staff is provided.
                                                          un-shaded arrow.
               OTNS or OTN(S): One Train Working where a Staff is not provided.
               RETB:   Radio Electronic Token Block (some diagrams will also include the
                                                        It must be remembered that on running lines provided with main aspect signalling in one
                       channel number).                 direction only, it will still be possible to have wrong direction moves in connection with
               TB:     Tokenless Block.                 position light signals (e.g. shunt moves) or at junctions. The presence of such shunt signals
               TB(SC): Scotland Route Tokenless Block.  or signalled wrong direction moves are NOT indicated on Table A diagrams.
               TCB:    Track Circuit Block.
               TST:    Train Staff & Ticket (details will be given in Local Instructions where
                       applicable).                     Permissive Working
                                                        Running lines on which permissive working is authorised will be detailed in the Signalling &
              In track circuit block areas of signalling, it is assumed that train detection is by means of
                                                        Remarks column. The following abbreviations are used:
              track circuits. Where train detection is by means of axle counters, then this will be detailed
              in the Signalling & Remarks column.       PP:Permissive Working - full use for Class 1, 2, 3 ECS, 5, 9 and 0 trains.
                                                        PP-A: Permissive Working - Attaching & Detaching use only for Class 1, 2, 3 ECS, 5, 9
                                                           and 0 trains.
                                                        PP-S: Permissive Working - Platform Sharing use only for Class 1, 2, 3 ECS, 5, 9 and 0
                                                           trains.
                                                        PP-C: Permissive Working - Contingency use only for Class 1, 2, 3 ECS, 5, 9 and 0
                                                           trains.
                                                        PF:Permissive Working for Class 3 to 8 and 0 trains.
