                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2



       NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
       Ditton Reception Sidings –Alstom Train Care Centre

       General Arrangements. The access and egress to Alstom Train Care Centre (ATCC) is controlled by the signaller at
       Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC) Wavertree Workstation. The Train Care Centre is operational 24 hours a day.
       An Operations Co-ordinator must be appointed when movements require to enter/depart the ATCC.
       When a movement is authorised to enter the ATCC, the Operations Co-ordinator will operate the shunters release
       DN8100 by pressing the Give Release button to allow signal route DN825A(S) to be cleared in to the ATCC.
       The Operations Co-ordinator needs to operate the shunters release for each movement into the ATCC, however this does
       not apply when the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation has operated signal routes DN825A(S) and DN8012A(S)
       and enabled the Opposing Locking to be omitted.
       Only the Operations Co-ordinator is authorised to contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation, when train
       movements are required to enter or depart the ATCC, or shunting activities require to be undertaken.
       A telephone is provided at the NR / ATCC boundary facilitating communication between the Operations Co-ordinator and
       the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation.
       Method of Operation
       Arriving Trains: 9-car set and 11-car set. Trains will normally arrive into Ditton Reception Siding No.1 from Edge Hill in
       the Up direction. Prior to the arrival of the train the Operations Co-ordinator will come to a clear understanding with the
       signaller at MROC Wavertree workstation.
       The Operations Co-ordinator will request a route set beyond signal DN826 so the train can proceed to the ‘Electric Trains
       Stop Here’ board, located on the connection to Ditton Intermodal Terminal and Foundry Lane Sidings.
       Once the train has arrived in Reception Siding No.1, the Operations Co-ordinator and signaller shall reach a clear
       understanding. The shunters release can then be operated, allowing the signaller to set the route from signal DN825
       towards the ATTC.
       If the signaller is unable to set signal route DN825A(S) within 5 minutes of the release being given after a clear
       understanding has been reached between the signaller and Operations Co-ordinator, the Operations Co-ordinator will
       need to give a new release to the signaller.
       If signal route DN825A(S) fails to set, the signaller must reach a clear understanding with the Operations Co-ordinator and
       request shunters release DN8100 be operated once more before following the normal fault reporting procedure if the route
       still will not set.
       To assist shunting with the 11-car set, the Operations Co-ordinator will request signal routes DN825A(S) and DN8012(S)
       to be set with opposing locking omitted. The Operations Co-ordinator will then accept the train into the ATCC by operating
       the shunters release DN8100 thus allowing both signals to be cleared at the same time. DN8100 release must be given
       first to allow the signaller to set the route.
       The Operations Co-ordinator will be responsible for train movements beyond the NR / ATCC boundary and will need to
       ensure handpoints are set correctly for the movement within the ATCC.
       Shunting Activities. Before any shunting activities are undertaken, a clear understanding must be reached between the
       Operations Co-ordinator, the signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation and the driver involved, on the nature of the
       movements to be made and which signals will be required to be cleared during the shunting activities.
       Long Shunts. When shunting both 9-car and 11-car Class 390 sets, the Operations Co-ordinator must request the
       signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation to set the routes beyond signals DN8002 and DN826 so the train can proceed,
       if required, to the ‘Electric Trains Stop Here’ board located on the connection to the Ditton Intermodal Terminal and
       Foundry Lane Sidings.
       Short Shunts. When shunting 3- or 4-car sets, the Operations Co-ordinator will reach a clear understanding of what is
       required prior to operating the shunters release. The shunter will then request the signaller at MROC Wavertree
       Workstation to set the routes between signal DN825 located on Ditton Reception Siding No.1 and signal DN8012 located
       at the exit from the ATTC to show a proceed aspect at the same time, opposing locking omitted.
       Departing Trains: 9-car set and 11-car set. Departing trains will be driven from the leading end from the ATCC. The
       Operations Co-ordinator will position the departing train at signal DN8012 and contact the signaller at MROC Wavertree
       Workstation to arrange movements from the ATCC, which will include the train’s reporting number and its destination.
       The signaller at MROC Wavertree Workstation will ensure Ditton Reception Siding No.1 is clear throughout.
       If the departing train is to travel towards Edge Hill, the Operations Co-ordinator will request a route set beyond signal
       DN826, so the train can proceed to the ‘Electric Train Stop Here’ board located on the connection to the Ditton Intermodal
       Terminal and Foundry Lane Sidings.




       October 2009                 50A
