                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2




NW2009 - ARPLEY JN. TO DITTON EAST JN.
Fiddlers Ferry Power Station SB

Fiddlers Ferry FGD (Flue Gas Discharge) site
The FGD site consists of a Loading Line, Engine Release Line and a Cripple Siding which are an extension of the Cripple
Siding Line at Fiddlers Ferry Signal box. An FGD site Person In Charge (PIC) is appointed by the Fiddlers Ferry signaller.
The FGD site PIC is responsible for authorising all movements within the FGD site and any movements into it.
Method of working
Provided that PIC status has not already been granted, the Fiddlers Ferry signaller may signal one movement into the site.
The Shunter, or Driver of an unaccompanied movement, must contact the signaller and be granted the FGD site PIC
status. The signaller will give the FGD site PIC details of any vehicles within the FGD site. No further movements into the
FGD site must be made until permission has been obtained from the FGD site PIC.
If a traction unit or vehicles are stabled in the FGD site, the Designated Person, Shunter, or Driver of an unaccompanied
movement, must first contact the Fiddlers Ferry signaller and either become the FGD site PIC or get authority from an
existing FGD site PIC before making any movements.
On leaving the FGD site, the PIC must contact the Fiddlers Ferry signaller and give up their FGD site PIC status. They
must give the signaller details of any vehicles left in the FGD site.
                                                                                                        Dated: 09/08/08

NW2009 - ARPLEY JN. TO DITTON EAST JN.
Ditton East Jn

O’Connor’s siding. Whenever a movement requires to leave O’Connor’s siding the Person in charge (PIC) of the
movement must advise the signaller at Ditton box by telephone of what requires to be done. The movement must not
leave the siding concerned until the signaller gives permission. The PIC must advise the signaller at Ditton box whenever
a movement has been shunted back into O’Connor’s siding clear of the access gate.
                                                                                                        Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                54
