                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



       INFRASTRUCTURE MONITORING TRAINS
       Network Rail own a fleet of specially adapted Infrastructure Monitoring vehicles which operate frequently on most lines
       within all Network Rail routes, these vehicles are painted yellow and carry Network Rail logos. Trains with these vehicles
       in them generally operate with a ‘Q’ headcode so as to denote that they are line specific.

       During movements, these vehicles can emit a powerful underframe light source which could be mistakenly identified as a
       binding brake or sparks being emitted from the bogies, and as such, does not require to be reported to the controlling
       Signaller. However, if in any doubt, then normal operating procedures should be applied.


                                             LNW North Route GI - Dated: 18/04/15


       Instructions to Traincrews working other than DC
       electric trains & other staff who are required to work
       over, or in the vicinity of DC electrified lines in the
       Liverpool area.
       1. Scope of instructions.
       These instructions are not intended for traincrew required to work trains during normal traffic hours over trip cock fitted
       areas of the DC electrified lines in the Liverpool area. Any traincrew required to work in normal traffic hours over trip cock
       fitted lines must be supplied with the Work Instructions for DC Electrified Lines in the Liverpool Area, and be competent in
       all relevant requirements of that publication.
       2. Movement of traction units not fitted with trip cocks.
       Before any train not fitted with a trip cock is allowed to enter upon the Mersey Section or the Link or Loop lines, the driver
       must obtain the authority of the signaller at either Merseyrail or Hunts Cross signal boxes.
       3. Description of the system.
       DC electrified lines consist of one (positive) conductor rail located on the sleeper ends in the cess and/or six-foot ways in
       addition to the two running rails; one of the running rails is electrically bonded over the joints and acts as a conductor for
       the return (negative) current.
       4. Danger of live equipment.
       4.1 It must always be assumed that the conductor rails and connections are live.
       4.2 The conductor rail is charged with electricity and it is dangerous to step upon, touch or come into contact with either
       the conductor rails or their connections. In addition, staff must not step upon conductor rail protection boarding.
       4.3 On no account must a broken or displaced conductor rail be touched until it has been isolated
       4.4 Although the traction return current flows through the running rails and the negative conductor rail where provided,
       these rails are not dangerous to human life.
       4.5 It is dangerous to pour water on to, or in the immediate vicinity of, the line conductor rail, or to allow water issuing from
       locomotives, hose pipes, hydrants, etc., to come into contact therewith.
       4.6 Staff are warned not to cross the conductor rail more than absolutely necessary in the discharge of their duties, and
       great care must be taken to avoid contact with the conductor rail. When possible use must be made of lifts, subways, over-
       bridges, barrow or other crossings where these are provided.
       5. Emergency telephones.
       5.1 Telephones for emergency use are provided at signal boxes, ground frames, passenger stations, inspection sheds and
       other points on the electrified lines.
       These telephones are housed in cabinets identified by a white telephone on a green background with the words
       “EMERGENCY TELEPHONE” in white.
       5.3 These telephones must only be used for communicating with the Electrical Control Operator (ECO) and all messages
       must be repeated back to ensure that they are correctly understood.




       October 2009                 46Y
