LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




Working arrangements in connection with Metrolink
1. Details of Lines

1.1 Manchester Victoria to Bury (former Bury lines)

The Metrolink lines run parallel to the Network Rail lines between Manchester Victoria station concourse and the entrance
to Collyhurst Tunnel on the formation of the former Bury lines and are owned and maintained by Metrolink.
The former Down Bury line is known as the Outbound line and the former Up Bury line is known as the Inbound line.
The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 50 mph.
The signals on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio
communication is provided between the Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains.

1.2 Timperley to Altrincham (Metrolink lines)

Except as shown below, the Metrolink lines between Timperley and Altrincham are used only by Metrolink trains. The track
and signalling equipment are owned and maintained by Network Rail and the overhead line equipment by Metrolink.
These lines are shown in Table A of this Appendix.

The signals between Timperley (exclusive) and Altrincham are controlled by the Network Rail signaller at Deansgate
Junction signal box. The SPT’s are housed in vandal-resistant cabinets (opened by a standard B.R. 1 key), providing
communication with the signaller at Deansgate Junction signal box
Non-Metrolink trains may only run over the Metrolink lines during engineering operations when a possession has been
taken of the line(s) concerned in accordance with the Rule Book Module T3. In addition, the connection between the Up
Main line and the Outbound line at Altrincham may only be used when a possession has been taken of both lines in
accordance with the Rule Book Module T3.

1.3 Cornbrook Junction

Cornbrook Junction is between Castlefield Junction and the United FC Halt. The Metrolink lines run parallel to Network
Rail lines between the 32 ¾ mile post and the 33 mile post. The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 50 mph.
The signals on the Metrolink lines are controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio
communication is provided between the Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains. Signals on the Up CLC and
Down CLC lines are controlled by the signaller at Manchester ROC, Oxford Road Workstation. The boundary between the
Outbound Metrolink Eccles line and the adjacent Network Rail Up CLC line is marked with blue posts and boundary signs.

1.4 Rochdale
The Metrolink line runs adjacent to the Down Rochdale Line from Rochdale Station to the Metrolink overbridge ½ mile to
the North where the line crosses the Network Rail Down and Up Rochdale lines and joins the former Oldham Loop line to
the East of the overbridge. The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 50 mph. Trains on the Metrolink lines
are controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio communication is provided
between the Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains.

Train movements over the Network Rail lines are controlled by the signaller at Rochdale West.

1.5 Thorpe’s bridge, Dean Lane Goods Line

The Metrolink lines run adjacent to the Dean Lane Goods line from a point adjacent to 6821 points (access to Newton
Heath Depot from the Dean Lane goods lines) to the limit of Network Rail infrastructure beyond the GMC siding at the Mill
Lane Overbridge B7. The maximum permissible speed of Metrolink trains is 50 mph. Trains on the Metrolink lines are
controlled from the Metrolink Network Management Centre at Trafford Depot. Radio communication is provided between
the Network Management Centre and all Metrolink trains. Train movements over the Network Rail lines are controlled by
the signaller at Manchester ROC – Manchester North Workstation.
Engineering trains may access Metrolink infrastructure via the gate at the limit of Network Rail’s infrastructure. A derailler
is installed to protect against unauthorised movements.

.




October 2009                                                 52B
