                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




       NW3023 - EDGELEY JN. NO.2 TO MICKLE TRAFFORD
       Northenden Jn

       GMWDA siding. When permission has been obtained from the sidings staff for the train to enter the siding and the
       shunter is ready for the train to setback into the siding, the shunter must press the plunger to illuminate the white light set-
       back signals. The shunter must then authorise the driver to commence the set-back movement from the down main line
       into the siding in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module SS2
       In an emergency, the shunter must extinguish the white light set-back signals and advise the driver to bring the train to a
       stand immediately. The shunter may re-illuminate the white light set-back signals when ready for the setback movement to
       continue and must authorise the driver to re-commence the movement.
       The white light set-back signals must be extinguished after the locomotive has passed the last one and the driver must
       then work to the shunters instruction.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW3023 - EDGELEY JN. NO.2 TO MICKLE TRAFFORD
       NORTHWICH

       Instructions to Drivers of Driver Only Operated Trains.
       When a Driver Only Operated Train is required to run round on the ‘up & down’ goods loop or down reception siding at
       Northwich the driver must contact the signaller at Greenbank signal box and obtain an assurance that the passage of
       trains has been stopped on the adjacent line(s) before alighting from the locomotive to uncouple/couple the
       locomotive from/to its train.

       If the train is standing on the down reception siding the driver must obtain assurance from the signaller at Greenbank
       signal box that the passage of trains on the ‘up & down’ goods loop has been stopped.

       If the train is standing on the ‘up & down’ goods loop the driver must obtain assurance from the signaller that the
       passage of trains has been stopped on the down main line and/or down reception siding as applicable.

       When the uncoupling or coupling activity has been completed and the driver is clear of either the ‘up & down’ goods
       loop, the down main line and/or down reception siding as applicable, the driver must contact the signaller at
       Greenbank signal box and confirm that the passage of trains may be resumed on the ‘up & down’ goods loop, the
       down main line and/or the down reception sidings as applicable.


                                                           Dated: 14/04/09

       NW3023 - EDGELEY JN. NO.2 TO MICKLE TRAFFORD
       Mickle Trafford SB (MT) To MOULDSWORTH

       T3 Possessions between Mickle Trafford and Mouldsworth. Where work is to take place between Mouldsworth
       station and Mickle Trafford which may cause the axle counters to be disturbed, the PICOP must ensure that points MT.5
       are left lying in the correct direction for the first movement to take place after the possession. Possession planners must
       ensure that the correct resources are identified and provided for this to take place.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06




       October 2009                 104
