LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF


13. Traincrew alighting from locomotive and/or examining, etc., their train.

When working over electrified lines, traincrews must not alight from the locomotive more than is necessary. Before
examining, adjusting, repairing, etc., any part of a vehicle which is near to the conductor rail, arrangements must be made
for the current to be switched off.

14. Detraining of passengers in emergency.

Should it be necessary for passengers to be detrained, other than at a platform, the current must be switched off before
they are allowed to leave the train. The conductor rail of the line upon which the train is standing and also any conductor
rails alongside or over which the passengers may have to walk must be isolated.

15. Prevention of damage and obstruction to conductor rail.

Contact must be prevented between any object or ballast and a live conductor rail and material must not be dragged
across or dropped on such a rail.

16. Dangerous to touch collector shoes.

Collector shoes of an electric multiple unit are connected together by cables and whether in contact with the conductor rail
or not must be considered dangerous to life.
                                                                                LNW North Route GI - Dated: 03/12/16


Level crossings protected by non-block signals
Proceeding over a manned level crossing equipped with non block signals operated by a crossing keeper during signal
failure/disconnection of equipment or Single Line Working.
At the level crossings listed below the protecting signals are not part of the block signalling and are only provided to
protect the level crossing.
During a signal failure/disconnection of equipment the driver will receive a green hand signal from the crossing keeper as
authority to proceed over the level crossing irrespective of the aspect/indication shown at that protecting signal on the lines
indicated below.
The Driver having received the green handsignal must regulate the speed of the train in accordance with the
aspect/indication previously displayed at the section signal.
NW4019 Oxenholme to Windermere
Burneside Higher Level Crossing (3miles 62 chains)
NW4033 Carnforth North Junction to Carlisle South Junction (via Barrow)
Kirksanton Level Crossing (47 miles 8 chains)
Limestone Hall Level Crossing (47 miles 43 chains)
NW6009 Windsor Bridge North Junction to Southport
Chapel Lane Level Crossing (24 miles 6 chains
NW9021 Buxton to Hazel Grove East Junction
Norbury Hollow Level Crossing (3 miles 60 chains)
Rule Book Module P1
During Single Line Working at those locations shown below a green handsignal will be displayed at the crossing as
authority for movements in the right direction (where required) and the wrong direction to proceed over the crossing.
NW4033 Carnforth North Junction to Carlisle South Junction (via Barrow)
Kirksanton Level Crossing (47 miles 8 chains)
Limestone Hall Level Crossing (47 miles 43 chains)
NW9021 Buxton to Hazel Grove East Junction
Norbury Hollow Level Crossing (3 miles 60 chains)
(See local instructions for further details)
                                                                                LNW North Route GI - Dated: 29/09/14



October 2009                                                 48A
