                                                                OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW6




NW6005 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA EAST JN. TO WINDSOR BRIDGE
SOUTH JN.
MANCHESTER VICTORIA

Working of steam locomotives. Steam locomotives and steam hauled trains must be routed into platforms 3 and 4 only.
Drivers must bring their trains to a stand at the platform starting signals, clear of the station roof. They must ensure that
excessive smoke is not emitted and that there is no excessive escape of steam from the safety valve.
Starting of trains from platforms - additional instructions to Rule Book Module SS1, Section 6, Clause 6.5.
Except for light locomotives, the READY-TO-START signal must be given by means of the right away (RA) indicator.
On trains that do not have an opening window by the door controls, the guard must close all passenger doors, leaving the
local door open. When the person in charge of the platform has given the STATION WORK COMPLETE signal, the guard
must give the READY-TO-START signal to the person in charge of the platform, before closing the local door. The person
in charge of the platform must ensure that the local door is shut and the hazard light is extinguished before pressing the
RA plunger.
                                                                                                                      Dated: 07/10/06

NW6005 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA EAST JN. TO WINDSOR BRIDGE
SOUTH JN.
Salford Hope Street Sidings

Hope Street-RMC (North West Aggregates) Private Sidings. Radios will supplied by the Traincrew Supervisor at
Buxton for use in controlling all train movements within the sidings at Hope Street.
Incoming trains must be brought to a stand at the ‘Stop’ board on the arrival siding. The locomotive(s) must be detached
and the driver must obtain the authority of the RMC person in charge (PIC) to pass the ‘Stop’ board to enable the
locomotive(s) to run round via the departure siding and the main line.
Should a train arrive at Hope Street between 1730 hrs and 2130 hrs when there are no RMC staff on duty, the ‘Stop’
board may be passed without authority in order to release the locomotive(s).
Authority to proceed into the sidings will be given by means of a green light situated on the discharge buildings. When the
train is ready to propel from the arrival sidings to the RMC sidings, the trainman must check that the green light is still
illuminated. If the green light fails the RMC PIC must give verbal authority for any train movements.
                                                                                                                        Dated: 07/10/06


NW6009 - WINDSOR BRIDGE NORTH JN. TO SOUTHPORT
WIGAN WALLGATE

Southport Up Sidings. When the person in charge of the sidings is not on duty, the driver or person in charge of any
movement requiring to leave the sidings must get the authority of the signaller at Wigan Wallgate signal box, before
making a movement towards the sidings outlet signal. The signaller must also be advised of the description and
destination of the movement.
Southport Up Siding No.3. Due to the short length of the siding, Class 195 multiple units are not permitted to enter this siding.

                                                                                                                        Dated: 07/10/06


NW6009 - WINDSOR BRIDGE NORTH JN. TO SOUTHPORT
Chapel Lane LC (MCG)

Drivers of trains detained at the signals protecting Chapel Lane crossing must contact the Crossing Keeper (Tel 058 9573)
to receive instructions.
If the Crossing Keeper is unable to signal trains over the crossing, a green handsignal will be displayed from the crossing
to authorise train drivers to proceed.
                                                                                                                        Dated: 25/04/09




October 2009                                                        49
