LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9



NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Great Rocks Junction SB
Because of the noise of quarry operations in this area, drivers must make frequent use of the horn during shunting,
particularly when the view of the line ahead is restricted.
Working of non-Tarmac (BLI) trains into Tarmac (BLI) Tunstead sidings. Trains may go into the Tarmac (BLI)
Company's sidings when the appropriate signal is cleared or when authorised to by the signaller at Great Rocks Junction
signal box, but must not pass the Tarmac (BLI) receptionist's cabin until instructed to do so by the Tarmac (BLI) shunter.
Trains turned on to the down reception line at the Tarmac (BLI) sidings must not exceed 10 mph on that line. The tail
lamps of trains stabled on this line must be left lit..
                                                                                                          Dated: 14/07/07
NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Great Rocks Junction SB To Tunstead Sidings GF
Working of 'down & up' Tunstead siding and the engine release road at Tunstead sidings.
Up direction movements. The shunter must obtain the authority of the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box
before allowing a train to depart from the sidings and proceed over the 'down & up' Tunstead siding to Great Rocks
Junction signal box. When this authority has been received, the shunter must not allow the driver to proceed until the
signal applying to the Tunstead siding has been cleared.
Down direction movements. Down direction movements may be allowed to proceed from Great Rocks Junction signal
box to Tunstead sidings without being advised to the shunter, However, the guard or driver of a DO train, must tell the
signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box when the train has arrived at Tunstead sidings complete with tail lamp and is
clear of the 'down & up' Tunstead siding.
Movements from the engine release road. The driver must telephone the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box,
who will obtain the authority of the shunter at Tunstead sidings before authorising the locomotive to proceed. The driver
must advise the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box when the locomotive has arrived at Tunstead sidings.
Failure of telephones. Should the telephone between Great Rocks Junction signal box and Tunstead sidings fail, working
by pilotman must be introduced over the 'down & up' Tunstead siding.
Should the telephone at the Tunstead sidings ground frame fail, the driver must obtain authority from the shunter at
Tunstead sidings before going into the sidings.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/10/06
NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Tunstead Sidings GF
Blasting operations may take place in the Tarmac (BLI) quarry when non-Tarmac (BLI) Iocomotives are in the sidings. In
certain areas of the quarry it may be necessary, before blasting can start, for non-Tarmac (BLI) Iocomotives to be moved
to a safe area and for traincrew to take shelter. Traincrew must obey on any instructions given by the Tarmac (BLI)
shunter.
                                                                                                          Dated: 14/07/07
NW9005 - CHINLEY NORTH JN. TO BUXTON
Topley Pike GF
When a train complete with tail lamp has drawn clear of the single line and the levers of the ground frame have been
replaced to normal, the token must be placed in the intermediate token instrument and the signaller from whom the token
was obtained advised that this has been done.
When a train which has been shut inside at the sidings is ready to leave, the signaller at Great Rocks Junction signal box (in
the case of a train requiring to proceed in the down direction) or the signaller at Buxton signal box (in the case of a train
requiring to proceed in the up direction) must be advised by telephone.
When permission is received for the train to proceed, a token must be obtained from the intermediate instrument as
follows:
1.   Slide the token into the keyway.
2.   Turn the token in an anti-clockwise direction.
3.   When the needles in both the indicators are deflected (this takes place when both signallers’ hold down their
     respective tapper keys), continue turning the token and withdraw it.

                                                                                                          Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                48
