                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




       NW3007 - WREXHAM CENTRAL TO BIDSTON WEST JN
       PENYFFORDD

       Shunting in Exchange Sidings. Before entering the sidings, drivers must give two blasts on the horn. Guards and
       shunters must satisfy themselves that the lines are clear before commencing to shunt.
       Under no circumstances must vehicles be left on the down or up main lines without a locomotive attached.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW3007 - WREXHAM CENTRAL TO BIDSTON WEST JN
       Dee Marsh Jn SB (DM)

       The person in charge at Birkenhead sidings (PIC) must advise the signaller at Dee Marsh Junction signal box of the
       description and destination of a train which is ready to leave the sidings.
       The signaller at Dee Marsh Junction signal box will request the permission of the PIC before allowing a train to enter the
       sidings. The PIC may give permission provided there is no conflicting movement authorised and there is sufficient room to
       accommodate the incoming train clear of the main line.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW3009 - CHESTER NORTH JN. TO CHESTER SOUTH JN.
       Chester North Jn To Chester South Jn

       Propelled movements from Chester North Junction to Chester South Junction. The leading vehicle of the
       propelled movement must normally be a:
       • dead locomotive or class 253/254 train with driver, or,
       • DVT with either driver or guard, or,
       • brake vehicle fitted with an automatic brake valve, with guard.
       The speed of the propelled movement must not exceed 5 mph and the driver or guard in the leading traction unit or brake
       vehicle must control the movement in accordance with Rule Book Module SS2 and be prepared to apply the brake in an
       emergency. If the propelling movement is brought to a stand by an emergency brake application from the leading vehicle,
       the movement must not restart until the traincrew and the signaller at Chester signal box come to a clear understanding.
       White lights are provided to control the propelling movement over the ‘up & down’ Fork line and when illuminated indicate
       that all signals have been cleared to the ‘Limit of Shunt’ indicator at Roodee Junction for the movement to proceed to the
       up fast or up slow line at Chester South Junction. If the white lights are extinguished the driver or guard must bring the
       movement to a stand until further instructions are obtained from the signaller at Chester signal box.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       NW3013 - HOOTON SOUTH JN. TO HELSBY JN.
       ELLESMERE PORT

       Manchester Ship Canal Branch (West End). Drivers of departing trains from the branch line (from signal EP.11) must
       advise the signaller of their train description.
                                                           Dated: 11/11/13




       October 2009                 101
