LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF




Working of trains not fitted throughout with the
continuous brake
1. May run only where authorised.
Trains not fitted throughout with the continuous brake may only run where specially authorised in the SPECIAL WORKING
ARRANGEMENTS tables of this Sectional Appendix.
2. Provision of a brake van and side lamps.
A brake van, in which the guard must ride, must be provided at the rear of the train.
The guard must ensure that two side lamps are carried on the rear most brake van. During darkness, fog or falling snow or
when passing through a tunnel, they must show a white light forward. The indication to the rear must be red except as
follows:
a)   Trains running in the reverse direction on a bi-directional double line must exhibit a white light on the side next to the
     other line and a red light on the opposite side.
b)   Trains on a relief or slow line and trains on a goods line or loop adjacent to a main or fast line must exhibit a white
     light on the side next to the main or fast line and a red light on the opposite line.
3. Applying the handbrake.
The guard must apply the handbrake as necessary to steady the train when travelling down a gradient and take care not
to lock the wheels. The guard must also apply the handbrake as soon as it becomes apparent that the driver is applying
the brakes unless instructions are issued to the contrary. If the driver requires the guard to apply the handbrake, the driver
must give three short blasts on the horn and repeat this as necessary.
The guard must apply the handbrake before leaving the brake van.
4. Maximum speed of movements.
Speed must not exceed 25 mph or any lower speed that may be laid down.
5. Looking back during the movement.
The driver must look back frequently, particularly when accelerating, to check that the whole train is following in order. If
the train is stopped abruptly, the driver must go back and ascertain whether any vehicle is lock buffered or derailed or the
guard is hurt.
6. Working over steep inclines.
The train must stop before descending any steep incline specified in the Working Timetable or loads tables and any other
incline as required by the driver.
Unless the driver is satisfied that the load is small enough to ensure that the train can proceed without applying the wagon
brakes; the guard must apply the number of wagon brakes required by the driver, the brakes applied must be immediately
behind the locomotive or fitted head. The train may then be restarted and drawn slowly on to the incline. If there are too
few (or too many) brakes applied, the driver must stop immediately and give six blasts on the horn (given 3-3). The driver
must then instruct the guard to adjust the brakes accordingly.
The driver must carefully control the speed of the train down the incline and the guard must also observe the speed. The
locomotive and brake van brakes must be kept in reserve and used only if necessary to stop the train. The train must stop
at the foot of the incline to enable the brakes to be released.
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 16/12/06




October 2009                                                   58
