                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW6




       NW6001 - MANCHESTER PICCADILLY EAST JN. TO EUXTON JN.
       MANCHESTER PICCADILLY

       PLATFORMS 13 & 14 ONLY
       Method of Working. The normal method of working will be for trains to work in the Down-direction on the Down line, and in
       the Up-direction on the Up line, with passenger trains calling at the far end of each platform (i.e. beyond the mid-platform
       signal).
       Should a train come to a stand at the mid-platform signal, conductors should not attempt to open the train doors until the
       train has drawn fully forwards and come to a stand at the normal end of the platform (i.e. beyond the mid platform signal).
       Conductors should consider advising passengers on board that the train will be drawing forwards and the doors will be
       opening shortly.
       Once the mid-platform signal clears to a proceed aspect, the Driver may then draw the train forward and stop at the
       relevant stop board. It should be noted that, unless doors have been released (see below), there is no requirement to
       receive the RA indication from these signals.
       Should it be necessary to undertake station duties in the rear platform section (e.g. due to a failed train or ill passenger on
       the train in the forward section), then the following must take place, provided the full length of the train is in the platform
       (unless SDO fitted or local door selection is utilised):
         1.The Signaller, upon learning that the train in the forward section will not be moving, must contact the platform
           staff via the ManRail radio system and advise them of this
         2.The Platform Staff must advise the Driver of the train in the rear section that the train will be required to
           undertake platform duties at its current location. NOTE: Platform staff must ensure that the full length of the train
           is in the platform prior to advising the driver of this.
         3.The Driver must advise the Conductor of the need to undertake platform duties in the rear section of the platform
           and the Conductor must then undertake this duty, as per their Company policies and procedures.
       NOTES:
         (a) If a train does undertake station duties whilst stood at a mid-platform signal on platform 13 or 14, then the mid-
            platform signal must display either a double yellow or green aspect before being dispatched. Trains MUST NOT
            be dispatched on a single yellow aspect, only to be stopped again further along the platform. This also applies
            when the platforms are being used bi-directionally.
         (b) Platform staff must manage passenger and train interface risk for any train which terminates in Platform 13 or 14
            and which then continues forwards as empty coaching stock. Drivers must assess risk and if required, request
            that their train is dispatched using normal procedures.

       Starting of trains from platforms- additional instructions to Rule Book Module SS1, Section 3.4.
       Except for light locomotives and Multiple Purpose Vehicles (MPVs), the READY-TO-START signal must be given by
       means of the right away (RA) indicator.
       On trains that do not have an opening window by the door controls, the guard must close all passenger doors, leaving the
       local door open. When the person in charge of the platform has given the STATION WORK COMPLETE signal, the guard
       must give the READY-TO-START signal to the person in charge of the platform, before closing the local door. The person
       in charge of the platform must ensure that the local door is shut and the hazard light is extinguished before pressing the
       RA button.
       Permissive Working – MPV S&C Video Train Operation – the MPV S&C Video Train is permitted to operate under the
       permissive working arrangements in platforms 13 and 14.
       Under these circumstances the MPV must be brought to a stand clearly in sight of the train already in the occupied
       platform.
       Trains requiring attention. Except in unavoidable circumstances, trains must not be delayed at platforms 13 or 14 awaiting
       attention to technical problems. Drivers must not wait until arrival at platforms 13 and 14 before requesting attention,
       unless prior arrangements have been made.
       Drivers of Down-direction trains must work through to Oxford Road station. Drivers of Up-direction trains must remain at
       Oxford Road until the necessary attention has been given or the driver has been advised what alternative arrangements
       have been made.
                                                           Dated: 28/09/19




       October 2009                  46
