                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW7




NW7001 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN. TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
MANCHESTER VICTORIA

Working of steam locomotives. Steam locomotives and steam hauled trains must be routed into platforms 3 and 4 only.
Drivers must bring their trains to a stand at the platform starting signals, clear of the station roof. They must ensure that
excessive smoke is not emitted and that there is no excessive escape of steam from the safety valve.
Starting of trains from platforms - additional instructions to Rule Book Module SS1, Section 6, Clause 6.5.
Except for light locomotives, the READY-TO-START signal must be given by means of the right away (RA) indicator.
On trains that do not have an opening window by the door controls, the guard must close all passenger doors, leaving the
local door open. When the person in charge of the platform has given the STATION WORK COMPLETE signal, the guard
must give the READY-TO-START signal to the person in charge of the platform, before closing the local door. The person
in charge of the platform must ensure that the local door is shut and the hazard light is extinguished before pressing the
RA plunger.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/10/06

NW7001 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN. TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
Newton Heath TMD

When a movement requires to enter Newton Heath Traction Maintenance Depot, the signaller at Manchester ROC –
Manchester North Workstation must request the slot from the Northern Trains Operations Team Leader at Newton Heath
Traction Maintenance Depot.
The Northern Trains Operations Team Leader must only give the slot when satisfied that the movement can be made
safely and no other conflicting movement has been authorised.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/04/15

NW7001 - MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN. TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
Castleton South Jn

The Due to weight restrictions on Bridge 48A at 8m 21ch (M62 Motorway bridge), a light locomotive or a locomotive-
hauled train must not be allowed to pass any other train / vehicle over this structure on the adjacent line
Before allowing a locomotive or locomotive-hauled train to proceed beyond either signal CE49, CE52 or CE60 in the Up
direction, the signaller at Castleton East Junction SB will maintain signals CE34/CE39/CE40 and CE1 at danger until the
locomotive or locomotive-hauled train has passed clear of Bridge 48A.
Before allowing a locomotive or locomotive-hauled train to proceed beyond signals CE34/CE39/CE40 or CE1 in the Down
direction, the signaller at Castleton East Junction SB will maintain signals CE49, CE52 and CE60 at danger until the
locomotive or locomotive-hauled train has passed clear of Bridge 48A.
                                                                                                       Dated: 09/04/2022

NW7001 – MANCHESTER VICTORIA WEST JN TO HEBDEN BRIDGE
Summit Tunnel, Dean Royd Tunnel and Winterbutlee Tunnel
Due to limited clearances traincrews must not put their heads out when passing through these tunnels
Owing to restricted ‘window box’ clearances in these tunnels, passenger trains composed of stock with opening windows
(other than those of the “ventilator” type) are prohibited from traversing these tunnels, except where special authority is
granted. When authority is granted for passenger trains the following conditions apply:
1.   The train running must be published in a Special Traffic Notice.
2.   To mitigate the risk of limited clearances to passengers while passing through the tunnels:
         a)   All passengers must be advised by public address and in writing not to lean out of windows
         b)   The train must be staffed by a Train Manager and Stewards, who will be briefed by the Train Manager.
         c)   Prior to passing through the tunnels, an announcement must be made using the public address system to
              instruct all passengers not to lean out of the windows during the passage of the train through the tunnels.
              Stewards must pass through all vehicles and repeat the instruction to all passengers.
                                                                                                       Dated: 16/04/2022



October 2009                                                 53
