LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2



immediately stop the train. When a brake van is provided, the guard must remain in the brake van whilst passing through
the discharge area.
The wagon doors are opened and closed automatically as the wagons pass over the coal hopper. However, should any
doors remain open after passing through the discharge plant, the Rolling Stock Technician should bring the train to a
stand by operation of the 'creep' indicators and raise the doors by means of the pull lifts. In the event of a defective vehicle
being found, the Rolling Stock Technician will contact the signaller at Fiddlers Ferry Power Station signal box and inform
the signaller of the position of the defective vehicle on the train.
On the arrival of the train at the semaphore signals on either road 2 or road 1, controlled by Fiddlers Ferry Power Station
signal box, the guard must advise the signaller by telephone of the destination of the train. The signaller must then advise
the guard whether or not there are any 'crippled' wagons on the train to be detached in the cripple wagon sidings.
The provisions of Rule Book Module TW1, Section 6 do not apply to trains departing from the power station sidings.
During a failure of the signalling and associated equipment within the power station sidings the following action must be
taken:
1. Failure of signals/indicators.
Drivers must advise the power station controller, by telephone, of the position of their trains.
2. Failure of telephones.
The driver or guard, if provided, must proceed to the Powergen Control Office (top floor) which is located adjacent to track
B beyond the gross weighbridge and inform the Controller. If a telephone is encountered on route, this may be used
providing the Power Station Controller is made fully aware of the situation and the position of the train.
3. Failure of both signals/indicators and telephones.
In the event of a failure of more than one telephone, or the failure of telephones and signals/indicators the Power Station
Controller will appoint a Powergen Supervisor to escort the train through the power station sidings. During poor visibility
setting-back movements must not be made in the rear of signals S3B and C.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/12/13




October 2009                                                  53
