   October 2009




                                                                                                    LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF
             LOR Seq. Line of Route Description                                Route    Last Updated
            NW0001 002 Explanation of Table A terms and symbols               LNW North  16/10/2021

                               Explanation of Table A terms and symbols - Continued
              2. Running lines, loops, sidings and other tracks
                                                        3. Signalling

              Lines are displayed as follows:           The Signalling & Remarks column contains the following details at the top of each diagram,
                                                        and then again whenever any of those details change:

                                                               1 TCB               2
                                                                      Liverpool Street IECC (L)
                                                               3 RA8       AC: Romford
                                                                                   4


                   A   B  C   D   E  F                  1 The mode of signalling applicable to that line. If the mode of signalling is different
                                                          from one running line to the next (e.g. the Down Main line has track circuit block
              A:Line authorised to carry all types of train, including passenger trains.
                                                          signalling, whilst the Up Main line has absolute block signalling), then this will be
                                                          noted further down within the Signalling & Remarks column.
              B:Line authorised to carry goods trains or empty coaching stock trains only.




                                                                                                        OFFICIAL
                                                        2 Signalling control location, type (e.g. signal box, power signal box, signalling centre)
              C:Line authorised to carry all types of train, including passenger trains, but part of
   60




                                                          and signal prefix, shown in brackets. Where relevant, the controlling panel or
                another Line of Route. Details of which Table A diagram to refer to will be given.
                                                          workstation name will also be listed on a separate line.

              D:Line authorised to carry goods trains or empty coaching stock trains only, but part of
                                                        3 Where shown, the route availability number for the line or lines concerned. Where
                another Line of Route. Details of which Table A diagram to refer to will be given.
                                                          this detail is NOT shown, the details can be found in the Sectional Appendix Route
                                                          Clearance tables.
              E:Track classed as a siding.
                                                        4 Where appropriate, the type of electrification and electrical control room responsible
              F:Other running lines controlled or managed independently of the national rail network,
                                                          for that electrification (see "Electrification" section for further details).
                and full details of those lines are not included in the Sectional Appendix (e.g. an
                adjacent London Underground Line, or metro/tram line).
                                                        Where any of the above details change, it is assumed (unless stated otherwise) that the
                                                        new details apply on both lines from that point onwards reading DOWN the diagram.
              Each diagram will show the track layout in that particular geographic area, in terms of
              number of lines, crossovers, connections and so on. It will NOT show track curvature or
              indicate how wide a 6-foot or a 10-foot there may be between tracks (only in a few
              exceptional cases will the diagram give an indication of a larger than usual distance
              between running lines).

              The standages of loops and certain sidings will be given in metres and/or yards. These
              lengths do NOT take into account defensive driving policy or stand-back from signals. A
              suitable distance must be deducted from the lengths given to allow for this.
