                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW9




       NW9019 - BUXTON TO BRIGG S SIDINGS
       Buxton to Brigg’s Sidings
       During failure or disconnection of block signalling or if a token is lost or damaged Working by Pilotman in accordance with
       Rule Book Module P2 need not be introduced between Buxton and Brigg’s Sidings providing that a token is available or
       made available for use.
       Trains between Buxton and Brigg’s Sidings may then be worked in accordance with Rule Book Module TS8 One Train
       Working Regulations. The signaller at Buxton box must instruct drivers that the token must not be passed through the
       token instrument at Brigg’s Sidings whilst One Train Working is in force.

                                                           Dated: 17/05/08
       NW9019 - BUXTON TO BRIGG’S SIDINGS
       Buxton to Brigg’s Sidings

       During failure or disconnection of block signalling, or if a token is lost or damaged, working by pilot in accordance with
       Rule Book Module P2 need not be introduced between Buxton and Brigg’s Sidings, or between Buxton and Hillhead
       Quarry Sidings, providing that a token is available or made available for use.
       Trains between Buxton and Brigg’s Sidings, or between Buxton and Hillhead Quarry Sidings, may then be worked in
       accordance with Rule Book Module TS8 One-train working regulations. The signaller at Buxton signal box must instruct
       drivers that the token must not be passed through the token instrument at either Brigg’s Sidings or Hillhead Quarry Sidings
       whilst one-train working is in force.
                                                           Dated: 03/12/22

       NW9021 - BUXTON TO HAZEL GROVE EAST JN.
       BUXTON

       Rule Book Module P1, Section 5, Clause 5.2. When single line working is in operation, the signaller at Buxton signal box is
       authorised to allow a shunting movement on to the single line without the pilotman being present to personally authorise
       the movement, provided that the signaller has first obtained the pilotman's permission.
       Servicing of Northern Trains units stabled at Buxton Station
       A Designated Person (DP) must be appointed when servicing on Northern Trains vehicles is undertaken within the station
       area at Buxton station. Before allowing any work to commence, the Designated Person must reach a clear understanding
       with the Signaller at Buxton signal box on the nature of the work to be undertaken and ensure that a ‘NOT TO BE MOVED’
       board is provided on the leading end of any vehicle stabled on the Middle Road.
       The Signaller at Buxton signal box must, when satisfied it is safe to do so, give permission to the Designated Person to
       secure 12b points in the Normal position. The Designated Person must confirm to the Signaller when 12b points have
       been secured in the Normal position.
       Once the Signaller has made a suitable entry in the Train Register Book, then authority may be given by the Signaller to
       the Designated Person for work to commence.
       When all work is complete and movements may resume in the Middle Siding, the Designated Person must remove the
       ‘NOT TO BE MOVED’ boards from any stabled vehicles in the Middle Siding and confirm to the Signaller that all work has
       been completed.
       The Signaller, when satisfied it is safe to do so, will authorise the Designated Person to release 12b points. The
       Designated Person must confirm to the Signaller when this has been done.
       Normal working may then be resumed.
                                                           Dated: 02/08/08




       October 2009                  51
