                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

       NW2003 – RUNCORN TO I.C.I. SALT WORKS (RUNCORN DOCK
       BRANCH)
       ‘Down & Up’ Folly Lane line

       Ineos Chlor sidings. Drivers of trains ready to depart from the Ineos Chlor sidings must obtain permission from the
       signaller at the Manchester ROC, Wavertree Workstation, before proceeding.
       COSS, IWA, PC or SWL blocking a line (TS1 / 13.2). Where work requires to take place on the Folly Lane Branch
       between the Network Rail / Ineos Chlor (Folly Lane) Sidings boundary and signal WE7812, additional protection in the
       form of Detonator protection and PLB must be placed at the Network Rail boundary. No train should be accepted from
       Ineos Chlor (Folly Lane) Sidings until the protection arrangements have been given up.
                                                         Dated: 13/02/2021

       NW2005 - SPEKE JN. TO GARSTON JN.
       Speke Jn To Garston Jn

       Yard Description
       Speke Yard is located in the triangle of lines linking Speke Jn, Garston Jn and Allerton East Jn. Connections exist into
       Speke Yard from the Up & Down Garston Goods line at Speke Jn and from the Up Garston Goods line at Garston Jn.
       The yard consists of the Up & Down Garston Through Siding, Speke Access Line and Speke Sidings 1-3, Speke Through
       Siding 4, and Speke Sidings 5-6, with the siding numbers increasing away from the Up & Down Garston Through Siding.
       The Up & Down Garston Through Siding is track-circuited and includes Speke Sidings Ground Frame No.1 (released by
       WE901) giving access to Sidings 1-6.
       Speke Sidings 1, 2, 3, 5 and 6 are all single-ended with access via the Speke Access Line. Speke Through Siding 4 is a
       double-ended siding and is signalled in and out at the Garston Jn end and accessed via handpoints at the Speke Jn end.
       Speke Sidings 1-4 are provided with overhead electrification at the Speke Jn end only.
       Control of Movements (excluding Garston Goods Lines)
       The signaller at Manchester ROC – Wavertree West Workstation signals trains to and from Speke Sidings via the Speke
       Access Line, and Through Siding No.4 connection at the Garston Jn end.
       All other movements along the Up & Down Garston Through Siding and Speke Sidings 1-6, including over the connection
       operated from Speke Sidings Ground Frame No.1, are under the control of a Person in Charge (PIC) of the movement.
       When a PIC is on duty at Speke Yard, the PIC must report to the signaller at Manchester ROC – Wavertree West
       Workstation, confirming their name and contact details. Any movements requiring to be made through Speke Yard when
       a PIC is on duty must be advised to the PIC by the signaller.
       When no PIC is on duty at Speke Yard, the Driver of any movements required to enter, pass through or exit the yard
       may act as the PIC for their own train ONLY. In these circumstances only one movement at a time will be permitted to
       enter or exit the yard by the signaller.
       Speed of Movements
       The maximum speed of all hauled movements within Speke Sidings is 5mph, and is 15mph on the Up & Down Garston
       Through Siding.
       All propelling movements must be conducted at a maximum speed of 3mph.
       Stabling of Trains/ Vehicles
       Trains / vehicles may be stabled on Sidings 1-3 and 5-6 in Speke Yard. When trains / vehicles are stabled on these
       sidings a working tail lamp must be provided.
       Trains / vehicles stabled on Through Siding 4 must have a working tail lamp provided at each end of the train and in
       addition scotches must be used at the Garston Jn end of the stabled train.
       Trains / vehicles must not be stabled on the Up & Down Garston Through Siding other than for running round movements.
       Working of the Up & Down Garston Through Siding
       Drivers of movements along the Up & Down Garston Through Siding (or the PIC in the event of a propelling movement)
       must check that the points operated from Speke Sidings Ground Frame No.1 are set for the safe passage of the
       movement before proceeding.
                                                         Dated: 02/01/2019




       October 2009                  51
