                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



Rule Book Module M3 - Managing incidents, floods and
snow
Electric Point Heaters
At certain locations point heaters are switched on automatically at pre-determined temperature levels.
If advice is received that frost or falling snow is forecast or that the air temperature is expected to fall below freezing point
and at the same time there will be rain or wet fog, the signaller must operate the heater switch for the area(s) concerned to
the ‘ON’ position two hours before the weather conditions are expected to occur. If less than two hours warning is
received, the heater switch must be operated to the ‘ON’ position as soon as advice is received.
If a warning is not received but the signaller considers that there is a risk of the points becoming frozen or if the signaller
observes or is advised that snow is beginning to fall, the signaller must immediately operate the heater switch to the ‘ON’
position for the area(s) concerned.
The signaller must operate the heater switch(es) to the ‘OFF’ position where there is no further risk of the points being
frozen or blocked by snow.
                                                                              LNW North Route GI - Dated: 02/06/2012

Rule Book Module M3 - Managing incidents, floods and
snow
Section 6- Independent snow ploughs
Propelling of snow ploughs is authorised over all lines shown in this Sectional Appendix subject to compliance with the
rules for propelled movements as shown in Rule Book Module TW1, Section 26.
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13

Rule Book Module OTM - Working of on-track machines
(OTM)
Section 3, Clause 3.3 - OTM which cannot be relied upon to operate track circuits
All AHB level crossings on Network Rail London North Western Route (North) are provided with treadles and therefore
Rule Book Module OTM, Section 3, Clause 3.3) does not apply.
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 02/12/17

Rule Book Module P2 - Working single and bi-directional
lines by pilotman
Section 1, Clause 1.2 - Exceptions
Where working by Pilotman need not be introduced following Signalling Equipment Failure
Working by pilotman need not be introduced following a failure of signalling equipment on the single and bi - directional
lines listed below, provided that the following conditions are met:-
     1. All track circuits are functioning correctly on the single line and associated connections.
     2. All points are detected or secured in accordance with the Rule Book, Module TS11, Section 13 and Handbook 4.
Locations where this instruction is authorised
Manchester Area
    • The Dean Goods line between Thorpe’s Bridge Junction and the limit of Network Rail infrastructure.
Liverpool Area
    •    Between Hunts Cross West Junction and Hunts Cross station (Up & Down DC Electric line).
   •   Between Fazakerley and Kirkby.
West Coast North Area
   •   Between Norton Bridge Junction and Yarnfield Junction (Norton Bridge East Chord)
   •
                                                                                 LNW North Route GI - Dated: 31/05/16




October 2009                                                   12
