                                                             OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW7



NW7017 - GANNOW JN. TO COLNE
Chaffers TOMB Level Crossing

Normal Operation of the Level Crossing
The level crossing will lower automatically as a train approaches it. Drivers must stop at the Stop Board and check that
the barriers are lowered, the flashing white light indicator is illuminated and the crossing is clear and safe to proceed over
before passing the Stop Board. Once clear of the level crossing the driver will observe a Barriers Up (BU) indication which
indicates that the Level Crossing Barriers have raised correctly after the passage of the train.
Failure of Level Crossing Equipment
Drivers must report any failures of the level crossing equipment to the signaller at Preston box at the earliest opportunity.

If the level crossing equipment has not automatically operated after the train has come to a stand at the Stop board the
driver must operate the emergency plunger.
1. Failure of the driver's white flashing light indication
If the driver's white light indication fails to flash after the train has come to a stand and the plunger has been operated, the
train may pass the Stop Board and proceed over the crossing provided all the barriers are fully lowered, the road traffic
signals are illuminated and the crossing is clear and safe to proceed over.
2. Failure of the level crossing barriers.
If any of the level crossing barriers fails to lower, but drivers can establish that the level crossing road traffic signals are
illuminated, trains may proceed over the level crossing provided the level crossing is clear and it is safe to do so.
3. Failure of the level crossing barriers and road traffic signals. If the level crossing barriers and road traffic signals
fail to operate correctly, trains must be dealt with as follows:

(a) Up trains. If the first train affected is travelling in the Up direction it may pass the Stop Board and proceed over the
level crossing at extreme caution provided the driver can observe that the crossing is clear and is satisfied that it is safe to
proceed. If the train is a passenger or empty coaching stock the interior lights must be lit during the hours of darkness. The
driver must sound the horn continuously until the level crossing is reached.

(b) Down trains.If the first train affected is travelling in the down direction it must not pass over the level crossing. Before
returning to Nelson Station the driver must advise the signaller at Preston PSB of the failure.
4. Failure of the Barriers Up (‘BU’) indication.
If the 'BU' indication has not been illuminated by the time the train is about to pass it, the driver must stop the train and
advise the Conductor of the circumstances. Once advised the Conductor must return to the level crossing and attempt to
raise the barriers by operating the Raise button in the driver's emergency plunger cupboard.

If this also fails to raise the barriers the Conductor must use the keys provided to unlock the barrier pedestal doors and
raise the barriers manually in accordance with the instructions displayed in each barrier pedestal. Once raised the barriers
must be secured in the raised position and the barrier pedestal doors locked. The keys must then be returned by the
Conductor to the driver’s emergency plunger cupboard which must be locked by the Conductor before the train is
authorised to proceed forward.
                                                                                                                Dated: 29/09/14




October 2009                                                    57
