                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4




       NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
       PRESTON
       Relief of traincrew working passenger and empty coaching stock trains not booked to stop at Preston station,
       and provision of conductor driver/guards. Relief of traincrew and the provision of conductors will be made at Preston
       station, all traincrew must report to the signing on point before relieving and after being relieved.
       Drivers of all trains stopping for relief must bring their trains to a stand at the following signals in order to ensure clearing
       the connections in rear of the train:
       Up trains
       PN.115, PN.114, PN.113, PN.112, PN.107, PN.106, PN.105, PN.104.
       Down trains
       PN.134, PN.133, PN.132, PN.131, PN.127, PN.126, PN.125, PN.124, PN.123.
       Preston station. Passenger trains having come to a stand at any portion of the platform must not be moved again until
       proper warning has been given to passengers who may be getting in or out of, or near the train.
       Drivers of trains or shunting movements having brought their train to a stand at any portion of the platform, must obtain
       permission from the person in charge of the platform before making any further movement.
       Cleaning of windscreens. If a driver requires the locomotive/unit windscreen cleaning at Preston station the driver must
       give prior notice at the last calling point, or in extreme emergency at the first signal in the Preston box control area. The
       GSM-R equipment must be used to give notice. The train will be routed to platform 3, 4, 5 or 6 and must proceed to the
       platform exit signal concerned for the cleaning to be carried out.
       Before cleaning commences, the driver must fully apply the automatic brake and in the case of electric traction, lower the
       pantograph.
       On completion of cleaning, the driver must obtain an assurance from the cleaner that the work has been completed and
       any materials are clear. In the case of electric traction, the pantograph must not be raised until this assurance is received.
       The driver must advise the signaller at Preston signal box when cleaning is complete.
       Down & Up Goods Loop (Parcels Platform), stabling of trains. It is permitted to stable electric or diesel multiple units
       coupled together on the Down & Up Goods Loop (Parcels Platform line) at Preston Station. This authorisation only applies
       overnight between the last train of the day and the first train of the following day. It is only allowed by prior arrangement for
       engineering works or other circumstances.
       The Driver must secure the train and ensure an illuminated tail light is displayed on each end of the stabled train for the
       duration of time the train is stabled.
       This authorisation especially amends Rule Book Module TW1, Clause 36.2 in respect of the stabling of trains in other than
       an authorised location.
                                                           Dated: 07/05/16


       NW4001 PENRITH – NEWTON EAST JN
       PENRITH – NEWTON/CURRIE OHNS

       When there is major disruption and/or alternative electrical feeding arrangements are in operation at any feeder station
       within the above area, there is a risk that this can cause excessive power draw on the OLE: When this issue arises,
       drivers will receive the following message relevant for the area affected on the day via GSMR:
       “This is a general broadcast from the Signaller at Edinburgh WS4 / Carlisle SB / Motherwell SC.
       Drivers of 390 trains, could you please ensure that no more than power notch 3 is used between
       neutral section x and neutral section y where possible. Out”
       This broadcast is for information only and does not require acknowledgement.
                                                         Dated: 27/12/2022




       October 2009                  88
