LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

Departing OTP

When a Tamper / OTP is ready to depart, the PIC / Driver will advise the MROC Liverpool signaller of the OTP reporting
number.
Giving up the role of PIC
When a PIC leaves the D.C.E. Tamper Siding and no other Driver / Operator is present, the PIC must make certain that
any OTP stabled in the siding is secured and stabled at the stop block end of the siding.
The PIC must inform the MROC Liverpool signaller of the status of the siding. Upon receipt of this information the MROC
Liverpool signaller must make an appropriate entry in the occurrence book to indicate the status of the siding.


                                                                                                            Dated: 04/11/19

NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Working on Downhill Carriage Sidings / Alstom Depot
New local instruction created
General Arrangements
Access and egress to the Alstom Depot / Downhill Carriage Sidings is controlled by the Liverpool Workstation signaller at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
The Alstom Depot / Downhill Carriage Sidings PIC must advise the MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller when the Depot
/ Sidings is staffed and when the Depot / Sidings is unstaffed.
Arriving Trains
Wavertree Junction end: The permission of the PIC at Downhill Carriage Sidings must be obtained before a movement
on the Wavertree Up & Down Reception / Departure line is allowed to pass signal LE107.
Edge Hill end: The signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation must obtain permission from the PIC before a train can be
signalled onto Edge Hill Carriage Siding A and no other train movement towards exit signal LE123 has been authorised.
The signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation must obtain permission from the PIC before a train can be signalled onto
Edge Hill Carriage Siding B (wash plant) and no other train movement towards exit signal LE125 has been authorised.
Working of Downhill Carriage Sidings
The PIC shall obtain the signaller’s permission before allowing a train to occupy Edge Hill Carriage Siding A between the
“Stop & Await Instructions” board and signal LE123.
The PIC shall obtain the signaller’s permission before allowing a train to occupy Edge Hill Carriage Siding B between the
“Stop & Await Instructions” board and signal LE125.
To assist in shunting operations the PIC can request the MROC Liverpool signaller to set routes between signal LE105 on
the Wavertree Headshunt, and either signal LE106 on Edge Hill Reception Siding 1, signal LE108 on Edge Hill Reception
Siding 2, or signal LE110 on Edge Hill Headshunt, to show a proceed aspect at the same time.
Departing Trains
The PIC shall advise the signaller when a train is ready to leave the Downhill Carriage Sidings, giving the description of
the train, destination and from which siding it will be departing from.
When the Depot / Sidings is unstaffed
Before the PIC departs site, they shall contact the MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller and come to a clear
understanding regarding train movements. They will give an assurance the line is clear up to the Stop & Await Instruction
Board located on Edge Hill Carriage Siding B.
The signaller may, in times of perturbation, after coming to a clear understating with the driver, signal one train only onto
Edge Hill Carriage Siding B up to and not beyond the Stop & Await Instructions board. When the Depot / Sidings is re-
staffed the PIC will contact the signaller. If the signaller has signalled a train on to Edge Hill Carriage Siding B whilst
Alstom Depot / Downhill Carriage Sidings have been unstaffed they must advise the PIC accordingly.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/11/19




October 2009                                                 50B
