                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3




NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
BANGOR

Tail lamp telephone. When a train comes to a stand in the down platform loop or on the main line, the driver or guard
must immediately advise the signaller at Bangor signal box by means of the telephone on the down platform whether or
not the train has arrived complete with tail lamp.
'Off' indicators in Belmont Tunnel. 'OFF' indicators are provided in association with the shunting disc signal on the down
main line in Belmont tunnel, 75 yards on the Holyhead side of the box. These may be used to assist set-back movements.
The guard or shunter must advise the signaller at Bangor box when the movement may commence.
Failure of signals protecting the single line over the Britannia bridge. If there is a failure of any equipment preventing
signal BR.10 (down main home 4) or signal BR.58 (up main home 3) for Bangor from being cleared, a pilotman will be
appointed who will, under the authority of the signaller, personally instruct the driver of each train to pass on to the single
line.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
VALLEY

The down and up main line emergency colour light signals adjacent to the Valley Aerodrome runways will not
normally be illuminated but if the line is obstructed or damaged by aircraft these distant and stop signals, which are
operated from the Aerodrome Control Tower, will display caution and danger aspects respectively.
If a danger aspect is displayed drivers must bring their trains to a stand at the emergency stop signal and tell the signaller
at Valley signal box using the telephone at the signal. If a train is to be detained at the signal drivers must place three
detonators 20 metres apart on the line on which the train is standing 300 metres (approximately 300 yards) in rear of the
train.
Drivers must not proceed until the signal lights have been extinguished and the personal authority of the signaller has
been obtained
If the line has to be examined to ascertain whether the permanent way is obstructed or damaged, and no other competent
person is readily available, the signaller may request the driver of a train stopped at the signal to arrange for a member of
the traincrew to examine the line on foot.
During a failure of the emergency signals, drivers of trains will be instructed by the signaller at the next signal box open in
rear to approach the emergency signals at caution and be prepared to stop if a hand danger signal is shown.
Whenever possible, the patrolman must test the telephone at the emergency stop signal and, if it is out of order, report the
circumstances to the nearest signal box.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

NW3001 - CREWE NORTH JN. TO HOLYHEAD
HOLYHEAD

F & I Depot. When advised by the designated person that there are no staff on duty in the depot, the Shift Station
Manager must authorise movements to pass the 'Stop & Await Instructions' boards, as necessary.
Working of Class 253/254 Trains. If only one power car of a departing train formed of 8 or more trailer vehicles is
available for traction purposes, the driver must inform the platform supervisor who must:
•   arrange with the signaller for the route to be set as far as HD.40 signal (up main home 2), and,
•   advise the driver when this has been done.
If in these circumstances, the up main home 1 signal cannot be cleared owing to failure, the driver will be instructed before
leaving the platform, that the signal may be passed at danger.
Should a Class 253/254 train formed of 8 or more trailer vehicles with only one power car available for traction purposes
be stopped on the 1 in 75 gradient for any reason, arrangements must be made for the train to set back into the station
before continuing on its journey.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                  99
