   October 2009




                                                                                                    LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF
            LOR Seq. Line of Route Description                                 Route    Last Updated
           NW0001 004 Explanation of Table A terms and symbols                LNW North  16/10/2021

                              Explanation of Table A terms and symbols - Continued
             4. Speeds                                  The abbreviations used in the non-standard differential speed restrictions are as follows:

                                                                           MU:
                                                       HST: High speed trains Multiple-unit trains
             The maximum permissible speed for a section of line is shown on each running line in
                                                       SP:                 DMU: Diesel multiple-unit trains
                                                          Sprinter multiple unit trains
             miles per hour (mph). Where permissible speeds are given in kilometres per hour, then this
             will be clearly indicated.                CS:                 EMU: Electric multiple-unit trains
                                                          Class 67 locomotives

                                                       EPS: Enhanced permissible speed, applicable only to Class 390 and Class 221 trains
             It must be remembered that the maximum permissible speed of a train can be less than the
                                                          capable of tilting
             maximum permissible speed of the line over which it travels (e.g. a Class 6 freight train can
             only run at speeds up to 60mph; Class 156 passenger train rolling stock can only run at
                                                       Other differential speeds not listed above will be clearly detailed in the Signalling &
             speeds up to 75mph). Additionally, all temporary and emergency speed restrictions must
                                                       Remarks column.
             be strictly observed, and speed regulated according to signal aspects received.
                                                       Speeds on bi-directional or single lines
             Change of speed                           On single and bi-directional lines where different speeds apply in each direction, the
             The location of a change in the maximum permissible speed is indicated by an asterisk.
                                                       speeds are shown together with an arrow head indicating the direction in which they apply.




                                                                                                        OFFICIAL
             The mileage (or metreage) at which the speed change occurs will be shown in the mileage
                                                       Where possible, the arrow head for the Up direction will be to the left of the running line,
             column, along with a further asterisk.    and that for the Down direction to the right of the running line (this convention may not
   62




                                                       always be possible due to constraints on the diagram - e.g. the proximity of other details
             Where another line or lines lead off from the running line (e.g. a loop or additional running
                                                       required to be shown).
             line), the maximum permissible speed for that new line will be indicated in the connection
             and will remain until a change in speed is indicated as normal.
                                                       On single and bi-directional lines where the same speed applies in both directions, no
                                                       arrows are shown.
             Differential speeds
             Where a differential speed restriction applies, it is indicated as in the following examples:
                                                       On single and bi-directional lines, an asterisk may indicate a change of speed in one
                                                       direction only.
               40  Standard differential speed restriction - i.e. the faster speed applies to
               60  passenger, parcels and postal trains (loaded or empty) and light
                   locomotives. The slower speed applies to all other trains.
                                                       Un-signed speeds
                                                       Unless indicated otherwise, the maximum speed over connections to sidings, depots and
             20  20Non-standard differential speed restriction. This example indicates that
             SP or                                     yards is 15mph and the maximum speed within sidings, depots and yards is 5mph.
             40
                   Sprinter trains are permitted to travel up to 40mph, and all other trains up to
                SP 40
                   20mph.
                                                       In the Scotland Route Sectional Appendix, in accordance with previous signing practices,
                                                       some speeds may not be indicated on the lineside by a speed sign. Such speeds are
                                                       therefore prefixed by a small, angled dash to denote that lineside signs may not be
                                                       provided.
