                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW2

Departing Trains
When a train is ready to depart from Gullet Sidings, the PIC will contact the MROC Liverpool signaller and reach a clear
understanding as to how the outgoing movement is to be dealt with.
If the movement requires to depart the Gullet Sidings via the Down Wapping Siding, the PIC must confirm to the signaller
that a visual check of the Down Wapping Siding has been carried out. The signaller will then, providing no other
movements have been authorised, give you permission to pass Stop Board GSSB1.
Once authority has been obtained from the signaller, the PIC can commence the required shunting moves.
When all movements are completed, and the train is ready to depart, the PIC will advise the MROC Liverpool signaller of
the train’s reporting number and destination.
Giving up the role of PIC
The PIC must only give up the role when all shunting activities have been completed, the sidings are clear and safe, and
no other PIC will assume the role. The PIC must ensure the hand points leading to the Gullet Sidings at the Lime Street
end are left in the Normal position.
                                                                                                        Dated: 04/11/19

NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Edge Hill - working of D.C.E Tamper Siding

Access and egress to the D.C.E. Tamper Siding is controlled by the Liverpool Workstation signaller at Manchester Rail
Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
A Person in Charge (PIC) must be on duty at all times when movements require to be undertaken. Note: The Driver /
Operator of the OTP can also act as PIC for the movement. When arriving on site, the driver shall contact the signaller at
MROC Liverpool Workstation and provide them with their name, grade, company and contact telephone number. The
MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller will advise whether PIC status is given or if another person has already been
granted the role of PIC. If PIC status has already been granted to another person, the MROC Liverpool signaller will
provide the contact details to the arriving driver.
Arriving OTP
A clear understanding must be reached between the MROC Liverpool signaller and the D.C.E. Tamper Siding PIC. The
permission of the PIC must be obtained before a movement towards the Tamper Siding is permitted.
Departing OTP
When a Tamper / OTP is ready to depart, the PIC / Driver will advise the MROC Liverpool signaller of the OTP reporting
number.
Giving up the role of PIC
When a PIC leaves the D.C.E. Tamper Siding and no other Driver / Operator is present, the PIC must make certain that
any OTP stabled in the siding is secured and stabled at the stop block end of the siding.
The PIC must inform the MROC Liverpool signaller of the status of the siding. Upon receipt of this information the MROC
Liverpool signaller must make an appropriate entry in the occurrence book to indicate the status of the siding.
                                                                                                      Dated: 05/09/2020

NW2001 - WEAVER JN. TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET
Working on Downhill Carriage Sidings / Alstom Depot

General Arrangements
Access and egress to the Alstom Depot / Downhill Carriage Sidings is controlled by the Liverpool Workstation signaller at
Manchester Rail Operating Centre (MROC). The sidings are operational 24 hours a day.
The Alstom Depot / Downhill Carriage Sidings PIC must advise the MROC Liverpool Workstation signaller when the Depot
/ Sidings is staffed and when the Depot / Sidings is unstaffed.
Arriving Trains
Wavertree Junction end: The permission of the PIC at Downhill Carriage Sidings must be obtained before a movement
on the Wavertree Up & Down Reception / Departure line is allowed to pass signal LE107.
Edge Hill end: The signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation must obtain permission from the PIC before a train can be
signalled onto Edge Hill Carriage Siding A and no other train movement towards exit signal LE123 has been authorised.
The signaller at MROC Liverpool Workstation must obtain permission from the PIC before a train can be signalled onto
Edge Hill Carriage Siding B (wash plant) and no other train movement towards exit signal LE125 has been authorised.




October 2009                                               50E
