                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW4




NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
LANCASTER

The driver of a down train conveying 11 or more coaches which is to stop at Lancaster station must bring the train to a
stand with only the locomotive beyond the end of the platform.
A locomotive-hauled passenger train requiring to proceed to the up passenger loop No. 2 for the purpose of running round
or for a replacement locomotive to be attached in rear may, if necessary, run on to the up goods loop sufficiently far to
enable the forward locomotive to come to the rear of the train and stand behind signal PN.245.
                                                                                                         Dated: 07/06/08

NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
OXENHOLME

An electrically powered movement which requires to set back beyond position light signal CE.41, must not exceed 100
metres (328 feet) in length unless arrangements are made to ensure that the driver will not bring the movement to a stand
with the pantograph in the neutral section on the Up Main line at 18m 42ch.


                                                                                                         Dated: 24/05/09

NW4001 - PRESTON RIBBLE JN TO COVE L.C.
Tebay

A Semi-Automatic Track Warning System (SATWS) is provided at Tebay. The worksite limits for which the warning
system is effective (i.e. provides sufficient warning time of approaching trains) are between 31m 55ch and 32m 25ch –
between Tebay South Jn and Tebay North Jn inclusive.
Strike-in train detectors (F500) are installed and hard wired to a central cabinet. On the Down Main line, the strike-in is
located at 30m 50ch. On the Up Main line, the strike-in is located at 33m 45ch. The detectors are positioned to provide a
minimum warning time of 30 seconds in each direction.
Only staff who have been trained in the use of SATWS are permitted to use the equipment. On arrival at the worksite, the
signaller at Carlisle PSB Panel C (South) shall be contacted to advise that the SATWS equipment will be in use and to
confirm there is no Single Line Working in operation.
The F500-AB boxes and ZFS Transmitter shall be plugged into the relevant cable ends and the battery power supply shall
be attached. The SATWS Controller shall turn on their ZPW Receiver which receives warning signals from the ZFS
Transmitter. The SATWS will only be ready to use once each F500 strike-in train detector has calibrated, by the passage
of one train over each detector.
When a train passes over one of the F500 strike-in train detectors, an audible and visual alarm is activated on the ZPW
Receiver and all staff shall move to a Position of Safety. Once the train has passed, the SATWS Controller shall cancel
the warning and work may resume.
When the work on site has been completed, the ZPW Receiver shall be switched off, the ZFS Transmitter, F500-AB boxes
and battery power supply shall all be disconnected, and dust caps replaced on the central cabinet.
All staff must be aware that:
    •    trains may be stopped at signals on approach to the worksite or within the worksite
    •    trains may access the Up & Down Goods Loop from either direction including ground position light signals CE105
         and CE109
    •    A second train may strike-in whilst a warning is in progress for the first train


                                                                                                         Dated: 01/08/20




October 2009                                                   90
