                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NW3

NW3003 - CHESTER EAST JN. TO ACTON GRANGE JN.
Frodsham Jn

Should a train be stopped at signal FJ8 on the Up Main line (located on approach to the M56 Motorway Tunnel) or signal
FJ3 on the Down Main line (located on approach to Frodsham Viaduct) due to the signal concerned displaying a red
aspect and the driver can establish that Frodsham Junction Signal Box is closed, then the driver must contact the signaller
at one of the following signal boxes:
    •    Norton signal box; or
    •    Helsby Junction signal box
and advise the signaller of the circumstances.
Until authority is given by the signaller at the signal box that the driver made contact with, the driver of a train detained at
signal FJ8 or FJ3 must not proceed beyond that signal even if the signal concerned should display a proceed aspect. The
provisions of Rule Book Module S5, Section 8 are amended accordingly.
                                                                                                          Dated: 19/02/2018

NW3005 - GOBOWEN (EXCL.) TO SALTNEY JN.
WREXHAM GENERAL
Instructions to the Person in Charge of train dispatch on Platform 3 at Wrexham General during poor visibility
conditions
If during poor visibility conditions you are unable to confirm that signal CN931 is displaying a proceed aspect you must use
the telephone provided on Platform 3 to contact the signaller at Croes Newydd North Fork Signal Box and obtain
confirmation from the signaller that signal CN931 is displaying a proceed aspect before you dispatch a train in the Down
Direction.
Tail lamp telephone. When a train from the Penyffordd direction is detained on the ‘up & down’ loop at Wrexham
General station, the driver or guard, if provided, must immediately advise the signaller at Croes Newydd North Fork signal
box whether or not the train has arrived complete with tail lamp by means of the telephone at the Penyffordd end of the
platform.
The use of Rule Book Module T10 is authorised on the Up Bay Sidings 1 and 2 for the protection of personnel when
working on rail vehicles.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/06/14


NW3005 - GOBOWEN (EXCL.) TO SALTNEY JN.
Rossett Jn to Wrexham North Jn
The signaller at Chester will be automatically reminded to set the route from signal CR497 at Rossett Jn towards signal
CN944, for heavy freight trains proceeding up Gresford Bank.
A driver of a passenger train or empty coaching stock train must contact the signaller at Chester before departing Chester
station, if they consider that a clear run up the bank is required (e.g. train has an unusually heavy load or is operating on
reduced power).
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/04/17


NW3007 - WREXHAM CENTRAL TO BIDSTON WEST JN
WREXHAM CENTRAL

The signaller at Croes Newydd North Fork signal box must be advised when a train is ready to leave Wrexham Central
station.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

NW3007 - WREXHAM CENTRAL TO BIDSTON WEST JN
WREXHAM GENERAL

Tail lamp telephone. When a train from the Penyffordd direction has arrived in the ‘down & up’ Central platform at
Wrexham General station, the driver or guard, if provided, must immediately advise the signaller at Croes Newydd North
Fork signal box whether or not the train has arrived complete with tail lamp by means of the telephone at the Penyffordd
end of the platform.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06




October 2009                                                  100
