                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF



       2. Personal Safety

       Traincrews and other staff working on Network Rail lines adjacent to Metrolink lines must be alert to trains operating on
       these lines.

       Staff whose duties require them to go on or near the Metrolink lines must observe the requirements of Rule Book Modules
       G1 and AC, and Handbooks 1 and 16, as necessary. Where these refer to the signaller, contact must be made with the
       Metrolink Controller at Trafford Depot with the exception of Metrolink trains between Altrincham and Timperley. These are
       controlled by the Network Rail signaller at Deansgate Junction signal box.

       Sentinel’ Personal Track Safety competence cards are recognised by Metrolink and must be carried by all staff whose
       duties require them to go on or near the Metrolink lines.

       Metrolink staff whose duties require them to go on or near Network Rail lines must be in possession of a Metrolink staff
       identification card and training record or contractor’s card.

       3. Overhead Line Equipment

       The overhead line equipment associated with the Metrolink system is energised at 750 volts DC, but non-Metrolink staff
       must observe the provisions of Rule Book Modules G1, AC and handbook 16 as far as practicable. Where, in those
       publications, reference is made to the Electrical Control Room or the Electrical Control Operator, these should be read as
       the Metrolink Network Management Centre and the Metrolink Duty Manager respectively.

       4. Engineering Operations

       Arrangements for engineering operations to be undertaken by Network Rail or their contractor’s staff necessitating the
       blockage of a Metrolink line or the isolation of the associated overhead line equipment must normally be agreed at a pre-
       planning meeting and details published in the appropriate Operating/Engineering Notices of each company.

       Work of an urgent nature not published in such notices may be carried out with prior agreement between the Network Rail
       department(s) concerned and the Metrolink ‘Authorised Person’.

       When an isolation of the overhead line equipment is involved, a Metrolink Permit to Work must be issued to the Network
       Rail (or their contractor) PICOP (see specimen below).

       5. Communication with the Metrolink Network Management Centre, Trafford Depot

       On every Metrolink platform there is a push-button operated Passenger Emergency Call point which gives direct voice
       communication with the Metrolink Network Management Centre.

       The emergency BT telephone number of the Metrolink Network Management Centre is
       0161 203 5619.
       The Metrolink Duty Controller can be routinely contacted on 0161 205 0141
       Anyone unable to use, or without access to, any of the above facilities should communicate with the nearest signaller or
       with the Network Rail Operations Control (telephone 085-51304 or 085-51306).
       On every Metrolink platform there is a push-button operated Passenger Emergency Call point which gives direct voice
       communication with the Metrolink Control Centre.
       The emergency BT telephone number of the Metrolink Control Centre is 0161 203 5619.
       The Metrolink Duty Controller can be routinely contacted on 0161 205 0141
       Anyone unable to use, or without access to, any of the above facilities should communicate with the nearest signaller or
       with the Network Rail Operations Control (telephone 085-51304 or 085-51306).
       6. Trackside Signs
       Metrolink SPAS Indicators
       Metrolink single lines are equipped with post-mounted flashing blue lights which illuminate when a Tram passes a signal at
       Stop (SPAS = Signal Passed At Stop).




       October 2009                  54
