   October 2009




                                                                                                    LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWF
                  LOR Seq. Line of Route Description                            Route    Last Updated
                 NW0001 005 Explanation of Table A terms and symbols           LNW North 03/12/2022

                                   Explanation of Table A terms and symbols - Continued
                   5. Stations                             Automatic crossings:
                                                               Automatic barrier crossing - road warning lights and barriers monitored by train
                                                           ABCL:
                   Station names are shown in CAPITALS in the Location column. The mileage of a station is
                                                               crew.
                   traditionally where access between platforms was originally provided - e.g. behind the
                                                               Automatic half-barrier crossing - monitored by signaller.
                                                           AHBC:
                   buffer stops at terminal stations, or where the original station footbridge was located. The
                                                               Automatic open crossing - road warning lights monitored by train crew.
                                                           AOCL:
                   mileage of a station may therefore not reflect the centre of a station, should platforms have
                                                               Automatic open crossing (half-barriers), monitored by train crew. The rules
                                                           AOCL+B:
                   undergone extension at one end, or the station been remodelled.
                                                               applicable to ABCL level crossings also apply to this type of crossing.
                                                          R/G: Miniature red/green warning lights (including miniature stop lights (MSL)).
                   Some stations may not be shown with a specific mileage (or metreage) but will instead
                   show 'start' and 'end' figures to indicate the extents of the station.
                                                          The letter "X" shown after the above abbreviations for level crossing types (e.g. AHBC-X)
                                                          indicates that the crossing concerned also works automatically for movements in the wrong
                   The operational length of each station platform is given in metres and / or yards. These
                                                          direction.
                   lengths do NOT take into consideration defensive driving policy or stand-back from signal.
                   A suitable distance must be deducted from the lengths given to allow for this. Where
                                                          Other crossings:




                                                                                                        OFFICIAL
                   platform lengths are not given, please refer to the relevant table in the General Instructions
                   section of the Sectional Appendix.     BW: Bridleway crossing.
   63




                                                          FP: Footpath crossing.
                                                          OPEN:
                                                              Open crossing without road warning lights.
                                                          SBC:Station Barrow Crossing.
                                                          TMO:Train crew operated.
                                                          UI: Accommodation / occupation or footpath level crossing equipped with User
                                                              Information equipment.
                                                          UWC:User worked crossing.
                   6. Level Crossings

                   Level crossings are indicated by the letters LC and then one, or more, of the abbreviations
                   below, following the name of the crossing:

                   Crossings operated by a signaller or crossing keeper:

                   CCTV: Manually controlled level crossing (full barriers), remotely supervised via closed
                       circuit television.
                   MCB:Manually controlled level crossing (full barriers), operated locally by a signaller or
                       crossing keeper.
                   MCG:Manually controlled level crossing (gates), operated locally by a signaller or
                       crossing keeper.
                   OD: Manually controlled level crossing (full barriers), normally automatically operated
                       with obstacle detection.
                   RC: Manually controlled level crossing (full barriers), remotely controlled.
