                                                  OFFICIAL


                                       LNW North Route Sectional Appendix Module NWRC



     Table D5A - Route clearance of Freight Vehicles
                                                                                     Last Updated: 29/04/2023
     To be read in conjunction with General Notes.
     This table consists of the list of lines as shown in Table A, the RA index of each route, any general authorities for heavy axle weight vehicles, the gauge of the route and other route restrictions.
     (Temporary or vehicle specific heavy axle weight authorities are not shown.)

     The gauge of the route is shown as one of the following:

      • standard locomotive gauge indicated by a forward-slash symbol, (i.e. / ),
      • W6A (W6) – meaning clear to W6A Gauge,
      • W7 – meaning clear to W6A Exception Gauge for 8ft. containers,
      • W8 – meaning clear to W6A Exception Gauge for 8ft 6in containers,
      • W9 – meaning clear to SB1C gauge.
      • W10 – meaning clear for 9ft. 6in. high x2.5m. wide containers on selected wagons
      • W12 – meaning clear to W12 composite swept envelope

     Additional restrictions or clearances may also be shown as notes in the Notes & Restrictions column.

     The ‘Heavy Axle Weight Vehicles’ column indicates whether a vehicle which exceeds the RA index of the route may be conveyed, and if so under what conditions:

     AuthorityMeaning
     Code
     Y       There are no particular restrictions for vehicles that exceed the RA of the route, and form RT3973HAW can be produced on this basis. 25.5 tonne axle weight vehicles in use
             on the network as of April 1998 are not restricted. (Note that this information does not include vehicles which may have individual restrictions placed upon them.)
     N       Vehicles that exceed the RA of the route must not run without the authority of the Territory Structures Assessment Engineer. If authority is given a vehicle specific form
             RT3973HAW can be produced.
     R1, R2, etc.
             Vehicles which exceed the RA of the route can run subject to the particular restriction(s) identified, and form RT3973HAW can be produced on this basis. 25.5 tonne axle
             weight vehicles in use on the network as of April 1998 are not restricted. (Note that this information does not include vehicles which may have individual restrictions placed
             upon them.)
     --      No request to run vehicles that exceed the RA of the route has previously been made and any request to do so must be referred to the Territory Structures Assessment
             Engineer. 25.5 tonne axle weight vehicles may be able to run following assessment.

     Restricted Vehicles

    Vehicles identified below can not run without reference to the Territory Structures Assessment Engineer, who will identify any restrictions that apply to that particular vehicle over a specified
    route in accordance with the Route Availability Group Standard:

      • Coil Strip Wagon BN001A




    October 2009                                     69
