                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW200 - DIDCOT TO HEYFORD
APPLEFORD

Appleford is a private siding located at 54m 50ch with access obtained from the Down Oxford Main line and entry / exit is
controlled by TVSC Didcot workstation.
The sidings consist of three double ended sidings and a run-round loop and are numbered from the northerly direction
•   No’s 1 and 2 – FCC*
•   No. 3 – Forterra Ltd
•   No. 4 – Hansons Aggregates
    •    Fitted with an overhead gantry
A Cripple spur is provided and leads off the run round loop towards no.4 sidings and is 100 metres long.
The Person in Charge (PiC) of DB Cargo rail movements is the DBC Mobile Operator (MO). The Person in Charge (PiC)
of Freightliner Heavy Haul rail movements is the Freightliner Shunter (FLHH Shunter).
All forward movements are to be at no more than 5mph and propelling movements are to be at no more than 3mph.
Propelling movements to or from the main line are prohibited during fog or falling snow.
Incoming trains or locomotives must come to a stand on the reception siding at the “STOP” board and authority to proceed
will be given by either the MO or the FLHH Shunter, ensuring that the hand points are set correctly and the siding
concerned is clear for the movement.
If more than one train is scheduled to arrive at Appleford sidings while another is on-site, the first PiC (either the DBC MO
or FLHH Shunter) must take control of the entire site. The PiC must advise the signaller at TVSC Didcot of their telephone
number so this can be passed to the rail staff of the second train.
Before departure of a train or light locomotive, the PiC must ensure that at least one Freightliner siding and one other
siding are left clear to accommodate the next incoming train and to provide a locomotive run round facility. Should it not be
possible to provide a locomotive run-round facility, the PiC must advise their operations control immediately.
                                                                                                           Dated: 16/01/21

GW200 - DIDCOT TO HEYFORD
Hinksey Yard

No train or vehicle must be left on Hinksey No.1 or 2 Receptions without the Signaller’s authority

                                                                                                           Dated: 09/07/18

GW200 - DIDCOT TO HEYFORD
Kennington Jn To Appleford Jn

DISTANT SIGNALS ABLE TO SHOW A RED ASPECT IN AN EMERGENCY
Drivers should note that in an emergency the distant signals shown below can display a red aspect by the Signaller at
Oxford Workstation operating a signal group replacement control.
Signal Number                       Line                                 Mileage
OD2331                              Up Oxford (down direction)           59m 77ch
OD2337                              Up Oxford (down direction)           60m 34ch


                                                                                                           Dated: 25/02/19




April 2009                                                  577
