                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW440 - YATE SOUTH JN TO WESTERLEIGH
       Westerleigh Yard (End of Line)

       If the Supervisor is not on duty, the Trainman/Shunter may authorise the train to enter the yard. Before doing so he must
       establish whether or not any other train is working in the yard; if so, a clear understanding as to what is to be done must
       be reached with the Person in Charge of that train.
       Two signs are provided adjacent to the entrance to the Training Centre. The first indicates whether or not the Supervisor is
       on duty and the Trainman/Shunter of an arriving train must check this sign when the train arrives at the "Stop" board. The
       second sign indicates whether or not train movements are taking place in the yard and must be altered by the
       Trainman/Shunter to indicate the current state of operations in the yard before train movements take place and when
       movements have ceased.
       The Trainman/Shunter must advise the Signaller immediately when :
       an arriving train or a shunting movement is clear of the C2 line,
       it is necessary to occupy the C2 line for shunting purposes.
       The Driver of a departing train must not pass the board on the Westerleigh side of the crossing until permission to enter
       the C2 line has been obtained from the Signaller.
       On every occasion when a movement is to be made over the level crossing, the Traincrew/Shunter must ensure that the
       level crossing is not in use and that the barriers are down.
       The key for the clip on the point leading to the Oil Terminal is kept by the Depot Supervisor. After movements have ceased
       the point must be again clipped and padlocked for Yard Road no. 1 line and the key returned to the Depot Supervisor.
                                                         Dated: 03/08/2019




       April 2009                   601
