                                                         OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW300 - ABBOTSWOOD JN TO STOKE WORKS JN VIA WORCESTER
SHRUB HILL
Worcester Light Maintenance Depot

Worcester Light Maintenance Depot (LMD) consists of the following sidings numbered from the Down Main line:-
         Through Road
         Service Road
         Sidings No.1 & 2
         Sidings No.3 to 7 inclusive (Field Sidings)
Definitions used in these instructions
"Person in Charge of Sidings" means -         The RO 2 (Shunter) on duty.
"Nominated Person" means -                    The Carriage Cleaning Supervisor, or, in his/her absence the RO 2
(Shunter).
"Designated Person" means -                The Senior Fleet Technician/Fitter, or, in his/her absence the RO 2
(Shunter). The Designated Person will wear a high visibility arm band with the letters "DP".
NOTE: Only one person can be a "Designated Person" at any one time.
Protection arrangements within the LMD. These will be in accordance with Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1.
Movements to the LMD. All movements from Shrub Hill or Tunnel Junction onto the LMD must be made only on the
authority of the "Person in Charge of Sidings" who before authorising the movement must ensure the complete train
formation can be accommodated within the Depot.
Movements to/from Service Road and Sidings No.1. Movements past the "STOP and await instructions" board located at
either end of the Service Road and at the entrance to No.1 Sidings must only be authorised by the "Designated Person".
Movements within the LMD. All movements within the Depot, except the Service Road and No.1 Siding, shall be made on
the authority of the Person in Charge of the Siding.
Movements from the LMD. The "Person in Charge of Sidings" will advise the Signaller at Shrub Hill or Tunnel Junction
signalboxes the reporting number and destination of all trains prior to departure from the Depot.
Carriage Washing Machine. The speed of movements through the carriage washing machine must not exceed 3 mph.
Engineers on track machines and freight vehicles must not pass through the carriage washing machine.
Carriage Cleaning. Carriage cleaning is prohibited on the Through Road, Service Road and No.1 Siding. Carriage
cleaning may only be performed in sidings 2 to 7 inclusive (Field Sidings).
The "Nominated Person" will be responsible for the protection of carriage cleaning staff in these sidings.
Toilet flushing may only be undertaken on the Flushing Apron, No.2 siding.
Maintenance/Repair/Inspection of Units/Coaching stock. Maintenance/Repair/Inspection of Units/Coaching stock is
prohibited on the Through Road and must normally be undertaken on either the Service Road or No.1 Sidings. The
"Designated Person" will be responsible for the protection of these sidings. Maintenance/Repair/Inspection of
Units/Coaching stock may be undertaken on sidings Nos. 2 to 7 inclusive provided the required Protection arrangements
are made with the "Nominated Person".
Train Preparation Duties. Train Preparation duties must not be carried out on the Through Road and the Service Road but
may be carried out on Sidings 1 to 7 inclusive. Traincrew undertaking train preparation duties are responsible for their own
safety.
Responsibility for Connecting/Disconnecting Battery Charging Equipment. The "Designated Person" will be responsible
for the connection/disconnection of battery charging equipment to units/coaching stock within the carriage servicing depot.
Change of responsibility for "Designated Person". The change of responsibility from the RO 2 (Shunter) to Fleet
Engineer's staff and vice versa must be recorded in the Log Book provided.
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/08/10




April 2009                                                  586
