                                                              OFFICIAL


                                  Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

On air-braked locomotive-hauled trains the brake test can be carried out with the diesel engines shut down at the Driver's
discretion. If an outgoing train is worked by a fresh traincrew, the engine may be started earlier in order to carry out a
brake test
All noise must be kept to an absolute minimum in the sidings and on the line between Paignton South Level Crossing and
the sidings.
HSTs - Additional instructions. If a train is to be stabled for more than fifteen minutes all engines must be shut down.
The Driver must start the Goodrington end power car engine and apply electric train supply from that end fifteen minutes
prior to the booked departure time from the sidings. The Driver must then proceed to the leading power car and operate
the controls (HST on one engine only instructions).
The movement to Paignton must be made using the rear power car only. The leading engine to be started five minutes
prior to departure from Paignton.
Multiple Units (classes 220/221 and 800/802) – Additional instructions. Trains formed 8-10 cars (class 220/221) and 9-10
cars (class 800/802) are prohibited from sidings 3 and 4 unless a PiC of the sidings is on duty.
Signals are provided instead of "Stop" boards/flashing white lights on the Network Rail line crossing approaches. Authority
for Drivers to proceed will be the clearance of Signals PN7/9/10 as appropriate. The barriers are operated by a Competent
Person.
The crossing controls consist of three push buttons:-
          "Raise"
          "Lower"
          "Crossing Clear"
When the "Lower" button has been pressed, the "Up" indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering
sequence has commenced, and the road traffic signals will commence to operate. A red indicator light will show that the
road traffic signals are operating on the Up side of the crossing. The "Lower" button must not be released until the barrier
lowering sequence has been completed. The Operator must observe the crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to
ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the "Lower" button must be released. Further operation of the "Lower"
button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the "Down" indicator will flash. The
operator must then press the "Crossing Clear" button and the flashing indicator will steady.
Depression of the "Raise" button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the red road
traffic signals will be extinguished. The "Raise" button must not be used when either a TOC or DVR train has been
signalled to pass over the crossing or when a train is on the crossing. Reminder appliances must be used.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers rising, the "Raise" button must be released.
When the barriers are correctly lowered, the appropriate signal will clear. The operator must then relock the cupboard. As
the barriers are designed to rise automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey.
Failure of Equipment. The Signaller at Paignton must be immediately advised of the failure of any equipment at this
crossing. He/she must arrange for the attendance of the Signalling Technician and advise the DVR Signaller at Britannia
Crossing of the circumstances.
When any repair or maintenance work is taking place on the crossing, the Paignton Signaller must advise Britannia
Crossing (DVR) Signaller of the circumstances and request them to advise DVR Traincrews that the level crossing must
not be operated until the repair or maintenance work is completed. Planned work must take into account train services
operated by both Railway Companies.
The Paignton Signaller must advise the Britannia Crossing Signaller when work has been completed and that normal
working can be resumed over the level crossing.
Failure of Barriers to Lower or Failure of Barriers to Lower and of the Red Road Traffic Signals. If the barriers fail to lower,
but the red road traffic signals are operating, a second attempt must be made to lower the barriers from the other Network
Rail line control unit. If the barriers still fail to lower, or in the event of a failure of both the barriers and the red road traffic
signals, the train may proceed over the crossing, provided :
     the operator is satisfied that it is safe to do so
     no DVR train is passing or about to pass over it and,
     the Driver has been advised accordingly.
The Driver must contact the Signaller for authority to pass the appropriate signal at danger.
Failure of Barriers to Rise. If the operator becomes aware that the barriers have failed to rise after the passage of a train,
and no DVR train is passing or about to pass over, an attempt must me made to raise them from the control unit. Should
this be unsuccessful, the operator must try the corresponding button on the other Network Rail line control unit. If this fails
to operate then an attempt must be made to raise them using the “Raise” button on one of the DVR line units.
Use of the DVR control units must only be resorted to in the event of a failure of the barriers to rise after the passage of a
train AND after both control units on the Network Rail line side of the crossing have been tried. They must not be used in
any other circumstances for movements over the Network Rail line at the crossing.
April 2009                                                       628
