                                                           OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW300 - ABBOTSWOOD JN TO STOKE WORKS JN VIA WORCESTER
SHRUB HILL
Worcester Tunnel Jn

Reversal of empty DMUs for Light Maintenance Depot. On clearance of the shunt-ahead arm on the Down Main Section
signal, Drivers may draw forward sufficiently for the train to reverse behind the appropriate ground disc signals.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW310 - WOLVERCOT JN TO PERSHORE (EXCL.)
HONEYBOURNE

Trains to or from Honeybourne Up Yard or the Long Marston branch that are required to reverse on the main lines must be
capable of being driven from both ends. If this is not possible, a locomotive must be provided at either end and propelling
is not permitted.
Two signs are provided on the Down Cotswolds line on the Evesham side of the trailing crossover. The signs read 34
SLU and 65 SLU and are provided to assist drivers stopping in the correct position before reversal towards the Up Yard or
Long Marston branch.
See also route GW317.
                                                                                                            Dated: 22/08/11

GW310 - WOLVERCOT JN TO PERSHORE (EXCL.)
SHIPTON

Drivers of trains equipped with operating selective door opening may call at this station. Drivers must stop with the front of
the train platformed. Doors positioned at the platform may then be opened.
                                                                                                         Dated: 27/03/2021

GW310 - WOLVERCOT JN TO PERSHORE (EXCL.)
COMBE

This station can accommodate two-car class 165/166 Turbo unit. Longer trains must be fitted with selective door opening
or must have the other vehicles locked out of use.
Two car Class 165/166 Turbo: The Driver must bring the front cab of his/her train to a stand adjacent to the respective 2-
car stop sign to ensure all passenger doors are positioned at the platform. In case of inaccurate stopping, providing part of
the train is adjacent to the platform, the Driver may reverse the train in order to position the vehicles correctly. Rule Book,
Module TW2, Section 9.3 is modified in that the Signaller’s permission need not be obtained in this case.
The Driver must not operate the door release control unit until all passenger doors are correctly positioned at the platform.
Trains with operating selective door opening: Drivers must stop with the front of the train platformed. Doors positioned at
the platform may then be opened.
                                                                                                         Dated: 27/03/2021




April 2009                                                   587
