                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
       HIGHBRIDGE & BURNHAM
       Down Passenger trains terminating at the Up Platform Line
       A Down passenger train terminating at Highbridge may be routed to the Up line under the authority of signal B74 and must
       be brought to a stand at the Up Platform.
       If the train is required to return towards Bristol it must proceed into the Up Goods loop and be brought to a stand to the
       rear of signal B405 before starting the return journey.
                                                           Dated: 04/04/09

       GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
       BRIDGWATER
       Station Ground Frame. The ground frame Operator must obtain permission from the Signaller to operate the ground
       frame. When permission has been given they must press the "Free" button to release the ground frame. The 'N' and 'R'
       push buttons may then be operated as required.
       If one of these buttons fails to become illuminated the Operator must advise the Signaller. If the 'N' or 'R' push button fails
       to become illuminated no movement must be made over the points until they have been secured or the button becomes
       illuminated.
       Before leaving the ground frame the Operator must press the "close" button and advise the Signaller.
       Nuclear Electric Compound. All movements to and from the Nuclear Electric Compound must be made under the control
       of the Person in Charge who is responsible for the opening, closing and locking of the gates.
       When Nuclear Electric staff are present, no movement must be made towards the Compound without the authority of the
       Firm's staff.
       The handpoints must normally be set and secured for the "Empty Road" except when required for a movement towards
       the Nuclear Electric Compound.
       The gates must be kept locked except when a movement is required to proceed towards or into the Compound.
       The gates must be opened before the clip is removed from the handpoint for a movement towards the Compound.
                                                           Dated: 03/08/19




       April 2009                   557B
