                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW430 - YATE MIDDLE JN TO TYTHERINGTON
Tytherington

Arriving trains
The permission from the firm’s Person-in-Charge of Loading (Hanson Terminal Supervisor) at the Quarry (HTS), must be
obtained to pass the “Stop – Await Instructions” board. Having reached a clear understanding with the HTS as to the
loading method to be employed, the ground staff/traincrew must ensure that the facing points are correctly set for the
loading siding before instructing the Driver to proceed.
Loading of trains
During the loading of traffic from the ground by means of mechanical shovel, all train movements must be controlled by
hand signals from the ground staff/traincrew.
Loading of trains over 63 SLU’s
The loading road at the quarry is able to take at train length of 60 SLU’s (390 metres, 1279 ft) and Grovesend Siding can
accommodate at train of 56 SLU’s (360 metres, 1181 ft)
Where a train is conveying more than 21 wagons and has been spilt at Yate Middle, the following method of loading will
apply.
The front portion of the train will run forward from Yate and with the train pulling forward towards Grovesend in the loading
siding, until it is in clear, when the wagons can be secured with 8 (eight) handbrakes applied. Loading of these wagons
can then commence while the locomotive returns to Yate Middle to collect the remaining portion.
On arrival back at the quarry, the locomotive re-connects with the pre-loaded wagons, pushing them towards Grovesend
to enable the remainder to be loaded. When all wagons of the front portion are loaded, the loco un-couples from the rear
portion, ensuring that they are secured on the loading pad and pushes the loaded portion into Grovesend siding and
ensure that it is secure. The loco then returns to the Yate end of the portion on the loading siding and assist with the
loading, pushing it back towards the portion in Grovesend siding.
When loading has been completed, full train preparation will take place including a brake continuity test, with the train
departing via the Hanson Loading Siding.
Should material spill onto the ground which requires immediate attention, all loading operations must cease at once. The
FLHH PIC must split the train securing the non - locomotive portion by applying at least one third of the handbrakes, while
the other portion of the train must be drawn forward by at least 50 feet.

The FLHH PIC must then open the rear brake cock to ensure no further movement can take place. When satisfied that
the site is secure, the PIC may authorise the HTS to remove the spillage. On completion of the clearance operation, the
HTS must advise the PIC that all Hanson personnel and equipment are clear of the site and loading may re–commence.
The PIC must then re-marshal the train, release any handbrakes and carry out a brake continuity test before allowing
loading to continue.
Locomotive run-round
During the loading, an opportunity to ‘run-round’ will be given. The FLHH PIC will come to an understanding with the HTS
when this ‘run-round’ will be performed. The PIC will then inform the driver that he will be required to ‘run-round’. Before
the train locomotive is detached in the Loading Road, handbrakes must be applied to at least six wagons at the leading
(locomotive) end and these must not be released until the locomotive is re-attached at the Yate end of the train and the
continuous brake is operative throughout the train.
The PIC will set the hand points, remembering to clip them in position. The locomotive will then be ‘run-round’ and
attached to the Yate end of the train. Once attached, the PIC will walk to the back of the train, releasing the handbrakes
and will instruct the driver to conduct a brake test. The train will then be loaded by propelling towards Grovesend,
preceded by the PIC. If the train is being discharged it must positioned and discharged drawing forward towards Yate.
NOTE: If there is any delay in the locomotive transferring to the Yate end of the train, handbrakes must also be applied to
at least a quarter of the wagons at the Yate end of the train.




April 2009                                                  597
