                                                           OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
WEST DRAYTON

Tarmac – Hanson Frays Siding
The Freightliner PiC is responsible for all train movements within the sidings. The PiC of the discharge area is the
Tarmac/Hanson supervisor when on site, but will be the responsibility of the Freightliner PiC when the supervisor is not on
site.
The Freightliner PiC is to contact the Hayes Workstation signaller to inform of their attendance on site and of any moves to
be made.
The PiC must also check that the hand point is set correctly for the route to the unloading siding as there is also a Network
Rail siding. Permission for the use of the Network Rail siding must be sought from the Network Rail Route Freight
Manager, if there is a requirement to stable vehicles.
Train Arrival
Trains will arrive on the Up iver loop and will propel into the siding under the authority of the PiC after the route has been
set and signal T473 has been cleared. When the train is secure in Siding 2, the Pic will hand over to the Tarmac/Hanson
supervisor and the PiC will confirm that the train has arrived in clear of GPL T6256 and that the Up Iver loop can be used
for normal running.
If the train needs to be split for shunting purposes and use of Siding 1 is required, permission must be sought as above.
There is no facility to stable a defective wagon on a separate siding on site, so any defective wagons would need to be
shunted and placed on the stop block end of the siding.
Train Departure
The PiC will contact the signaller and advise them of the headcode & destination of the departing train.
                                                                                                         Dated: 01/05/2021

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
Langley Up Sidings

Arrival
An arriving train must be routed to the Langley siding.
Departure
The shunter must tell the signaller when a train is ready to depart. The departing train must be stopped on the Langley
siding clear of points worked from the ground frame to wait for the appropriate signal to be cleared for a run-round
movement or for departure.
Controlling movements
The shunter must obtain a release for Langley Siding ground frame before the compound gates are opened and then
control movements to the appropriate siding by hand signals.
Propelling
The propelling of a train or vehicles towards position light signal T6262 at the London end of the Langley siding is
prohibited.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/04/15

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
SLOUGH
Starting of trains. When starting DOO trains from the Windsor line bay platform 1 the baton is used only to instruct drivers
to close doors. The “RA” indicator must then be operated to give the “Ready to Start” signal.
Tamper Siding. Before work is undertaken on a machine stabled in this siding, the engineering person in charge (PiC)
must obtain the signallers permission. When work has been completed, and before further movements are made to or
from the siding, the PiC must advise the signaller.
Slough Yard. The sidings at this location are numbered as follows:-
No. 1 Road – Adjacent to Slough Goods Loop (Leading to Slough Estates Oil Terminal)
No. 2 Road - Stabling road.
Nos. 1, 2 & 3 Engineers Sidings
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/04/15
.

April 2009                                                   541B
