                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       Engineering work. The WSR single line token must be obtained to protect any work that requires either a line blockage or
       T3 possession to be taken between Norton Fitzwarren Junction / Bishops Lydeard.
       The signaller at Exeter will only be involved in the arrangements for blocking a line or a T3 possession of the single line
       section in the following situations :
         • work is to take place on or affecting the Network Rail-owned portion of the single line between Norton Fitzwarren
           Junction and 165m 15½ch, or
         • engineering trains need to enter or leave the single line at the Norton Fitzwarren Junction end to reach a Network
           Rail or WSR worksite. If the worksite is on the WSR, the signaller at Exeter will obtain permission from the WSR
           PICOP before authorising the driver to proceed towards the possession.
       Arrangements must be made in advance with the WSR company to obtain the token from Bishops Lydeard signal box.
                                                           Dated: 10/08/13


       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       Exeter Riverside Yard

       General. The Signaller at Exeter must be advised each time a Freight Train Operating Company Person-in-Charge (PiC)
       books on and off duty at Riverside Yard to take responsibility for train movements.
       When the PiC commences duty they must obtain the Signallers permission to return the acceptance slot to the ‘on’
       position and then unclip hand points as necessary. The PiC must first ensure that a train has not been routed into the
       Yard from the Exeter St. David’s end during the unstaffed period.
       If the PiC is on duty, the Signaller must obtain the PiC’s permission before signalling any movement towards the yard.
       Before leaving duty, the PiC must ensure that the Down Reception line is left clear of vehicles with all points secured for
       the through route. They must also obtain the Signallers permission to operate the Exeter St. David’s end acceptance slot
       to the ‘off’ position.
       Down Reception and Up Departure sidings. These sidings extend from the connections with the Main lines at Cowley
       Bridge Junction to the "Stop" boards applicable to Down trains and are available for use in both directions. However, the
       Down Reception siding must normally be used for trains in the Down direction only.
       A telephone is located on the Up Departure “Stop” board post to enable Trainmen to contact the PiC.
       When on duty, the PiC must obtain the Signaller's permission before authorising a movement over the Down Reception in
       the Up direction. Drivers of Up trains proceeding over either siding will be advised by the PiC when the siding is already
       occupied.
       Down and Up Goods lines. These lines extend from the "Stop" boards at the Cowley Bridge Junction end (applicable to
       Down trains only) to the "Stop" boards at the Exeter Station end. They are under the control of the PiC of the Yard when
       on duty and are available for trains in both directions.
       No movement must pass the "Stop" boards at either the Cowley Bridge Junction or Exeter Station end without the
       permission of the PiC of the Yard.
       Drivers of trains proceeding over either line will be advised when the line ahead is already occupied.
                                                           Dated: 03/08/19




       April 2009                   558A
