                                                            OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




Rule Book Module T3 - Possession of the line for
engineering work
Section 7.2 - Removing the protection when the possession is no longer needed T3
7.2
The PICOP will advise the Signaller when all work is completed and provide the name of the agent who will be returning
the token to the instrument.
The PICOPs agent will return the token to the token machine and advise the Signaller that this has been done. The
Signaller will record the name of this person in the train register/occurrence book and advise the PICOP that the token has
been replaced.
                                                                                 Western Territory GI - Dated: 07/01/17



Rule Book Module T3 - Possession of a running line for
engineering work
Taking possession and worksite around a train (TPAT) in axle counter area provided
with Engineers Possession Reminder (EPR)
When a T3 possession is to be taken around a train, once the train is confirmed to remain at a stand, EPR must be
applied to all track sections except that occupied by the train itself. The train will then be required to move in order that this
track section can also have EPR applied to it. Until EPR has been applied to this track section, no work may take place on
it. Whilst EPR arrangements for this track section are being undertaken, it is acceptable for all other worksite activities
within the T3 possession where EPR has already been applied to continue. The following sequence will apply:
         1.) Engineering train(s) arrives at the designated signal for TPAT.
         2.) Signaller gives the PICOP permission to place protection
         3.) PICOP authorises the possession support staff to place protection and engineering supervisors to erect
         worksite marker boards.
         4.) Possession Support Staff confirm all protection in place
         5.) Signaller grants possession and advises EPR applied with the exception of those track sections occupied by
         trains
         6.) Engineering supervisors confirm worksite marker boards in place and the PICOP may then give permission
         for work to commence except in a track section which has not had EPR applied to it.
         7.) Once the train has been moved and the signaller has confirmed to the PICOP that EPR has been applied to
         relevant track section, the PICOP may give permission to the engineering supervisor for work to commence in
         that track section.
                                                                                 Western Territory GI - Dated: 18/03/17




April 2009                                                     30A
