                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1
       3.Faults and failures – categories

         Failures of the ATP system are categorised into three levels. These are:-

         Level 1      “Wrong Side” failure where no speed target is displayed under restrictive
                      circumstances, or where the target speed displayed is higher than it
                      should be, or
                      where a “SPD” indication shows in the main cab display window when
                      approaching a signal displaying a proceed aspect.
         Level 2      “Right Side” failures - non recoverable fault affecting trainborne
                      equipment. These are identified by an alpha-numeric code in the main
                      cab display window.
         Level 3      “Right Side” - recoverable failures of lineside equipment identified by an
                      alpha-numeric code in the main cab display window.
                      (see Driver’s Manual for full explanation of fault codes).


       4.Faults and failures - immediate actions

         In the event of any fault or failure being apparent affecting ATP equipment, suitable action must be taken as shown in
         the following table. All concerned must ensure that the correct FAULT CATEGORY, as defined in Clause 6, is quoted
         on each occasion.

          LEVEL 1          LEVEL 2            LEVEL 3


          WRONG SIDE FAILURE
                           RIGHT SIDE -       RIGHT SIDE -
                           NON-RECOVERABLE    RECOVERABLE


          Driver stops train at next
                           Driver stops train at next
                                              Driver need NOT report the
          practicable signal.
                           practicable location.
                                              fault when a notice has been
                                              issued about disconnection or
          Driver isolates ATP if fault is     known failure of ATP lineside
                           Driver isolates ATP.
          non recoverable                     equipment at that location.


          Driver tells Signaller.             Driver should only tell the
                           Driver tells Signaller.
                                              Signaller if delay has been
                                              incurred or if the fault occurs
          Signaller informs Operations
                           Signaller tells Operations Control.
                                              in the tunnel section of the
          Control and Control.                Heathrow Branch.

          Operations Control informs the
                           Operations Control tells the
          appropriate TOC Control(s)
                           appropriate TOC Control.
          and Control.

          Signaller tells Drivers of all
          subsequent ATP-fitted trains
          what has happened and
          instructs them to disregard the
          ATP indications in the area
          concerned.* Signaller
          continues doing this until ATP
          track equipment has been
          reported in order.


       * Signallers must treat all FGW HSTs and Class 180s plus all EMU trains as “ATP-fitted for the purposes of this
       instruction.
       Faults and failures affecting ATP equipment must be reported fully and promptly. Failure to do so may cause essential
       equipment performance data to be lost. Reporting of LEVEL 1 faults to the Signaller ensures that subsequent Drivers are
       told that the ATP may be unreliable at a specific location. It will also ensure that the on-train equipment is investigated
       without delay.
       5.Faults and failures - subsequent actions




       April 2009                    68
