                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




       Overlay Miniature Stop Light (OMSL) level crossings
       Certain level crossings are provided with overlay miniature stop light equipment. Like conventional Miniature Stop Light
       (MSL) crossings, these provide indications to the users of the crossings on whether it is safe to cross (green) or not safe to
       cross (red). The system is designed to overlay existing infrastructure without interacting with it, however permissible
       speeds in the wrong direction on the approach should be identified on multiple track lines by wrong direction speed
       boards. The system is usually activated by wheel sensors that operate in a similar way to axle counters – when they
       detect a train, they set the lights to red, when the train hits the strike out sensor the lights go to green.
       Where a system failure is detected or operational scenario (e.g. train failure, engineering works) may incur the red
       indication for excessive periods, user indications are suppressed and the lights go into ‘dark mode’. On encountering this
       mode, the user is directed on safe operation by the signage provided, however they can be reactivated by another train
       passing or through a manual reset.
       All staff should note that, like axle counters, using metal tools or simply passing within a metre wearing safety boots can
       cause activation of these sensors, and should be avoided.
                                             Western Route GI - Dated: 29/02/2020

       PASSAGE OF LOCOMOTIVES OVER WEIGHBRIDGES
       Locomotives are prohibited from passing over the weighing rails of weighbridges, except at:-
             1.MGR installations.
             2.ARC weighbridge, Whatley.
             3.Foster Yeoman weighbridge, Merehead.
             4.Carne Point, Fowey.
             5.Cardiff Cathays (Class 08/ 09 locomotives only)
             6.Barry Docks, Dow Corning (Class 08/ 09 locomotives only)
       NOTE:The maximum permissible speed of vehicles passing over weighbridges is 4 mph.
                                               Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06


       Rail for London Infrastructure (RFLI) / Network Rail
       Interfaces for trains operating in Automatic Train
       Operation / Auto Reverse
       Automatic Train Operation (ATO)
       The Crossrail Central Operating Section (CCOS) part of the Elizabeth Line in Central London uses Communications
       Based Train Control (CBTC) Signalling and Control System to signal trains.
       Under normal mode of operation, Class 345 Trains will run automatically (ATO) within the confines of the CCOS between
       Westbourne Park and Pudding Mill Lane / Abbey Wood. These 3 locations are also the interfaces with NR Western, Anglia
       and Kent Routes where the signalling systems change over from CBTC to Level National Train Control (NTC) TPWS.
       • Westbourne Park (NR Western Route) Line of Route GW103 / XR001 Interface
       • Abbey Wood (NR Kent Route) Line of Route SO290 / XR002 Interface
       • Pudding Mill Lane (NR Anglia Route) Line of Route EA1010 / XR001 Interface
         Between Pudding Mill lane and Stratford, there is a CBTC overlay on the NR Infrastructure, so the Class 345 trains
         also run in ATO between those locations on the Up and Down Electric Lines
       Auto Reverse (AR)
       Within the CCOS, Class 345 Trains may run in Auto Reverse (AR) Mode. These movements of the train take place without
       a driver being present in the cab.
       In case of train movement emergency, RFLI can be contacted on 0300 215 0555
                                                         Dated: 28/08/2021




       April 2009                    76A
