                                                             OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW580 - EAST SOMERSET JN TO CRANMORE
Merehead Quarry

All trains working to or from Merehead Quarry formed wholly with bogie vehicles must normally operate with the brake
pipe and main reservoir pipe (if fitted) in use throughout the train in accordance with Rule Book, Module TW1.
Normally, traffic for the Quarry must proceed via the Chord line and traffic from the Quarry must depart via White's
Crossing Siding.
However, in exceptional circumstances or when all Departure Sidings (Nos. 4 to 6) are occupied/obstructed, light
locomotives or trains may depart via the Chord line. In addition, trains and light locomotives may enter the Quarry via
White's Crossing Siding in the following circumstances:-
             (i) when authorised by Special Notice;
         (ii) when all Arrival Sidings (Nos. 1 to 3) are occupied/obstructed;
         (iii) for the purpose of turning trains at the Quarry.
The provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2 must be carried out by the Train Operating Company Person in Charge (TOC
PiC) for all movements towards the Exchange sidings.
Mendip Rail locomotives, except Class 59 locomotives and the 350 hp (ex BR) diesel shunting locomotive, are not
permitted on Network Rail lines.
Acceptance of Down trains. An audible alarm sounds at the Merehead Quarry cabin when a Down train is approaching
Merehead Quarry Junction. Provided the TOC PiC is then in a position to accept the train concerned, the acceptance
button must be operated which will allow the Signaller at Westbury to clear signal W.228 or W.369 as appropriate.
Movements to/from Nos. 1, 2 and 3 sidings. Drivers must at all times expect the Chord line to be occupied and must be
prepared to stop short of any obstruction.
Trains must not pass the Chord line "Stop" board or the "Stop" board at the Quarry end of these sidings until the
permission of the TOC PiC has been obtained.
When authorising Drivers to pass the Chord line "Stop" board, the TOC PiC must indicate to Drivers the siding to which
the movement is to be made. When permission has been received, the Driver must ensure that all points are correctly set
for the movement to be made.
Trains from these sidings may depart via the Chord line on the authority of the TOC PiC, who must instruct the Drivers to
pass the Mendip Rail "Limit of Movement" board. Such trains are authorised to be assisted by a locomotive in rear , not
coupled.
Movements to/from Nos. 4, 5 and 6 sidings. The TOC PiC must normally authorise all movements within the Mendip Rail
Sidings.
Trains departing via White's Crossing siding must be propelled from these sidings to White's Crossing siding. The
provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 5.3 does not apply to such movements.
An "Off" indicator associated with signal W330 is provided in these sidings. Providing the authority of the TOC PiC has
been obtained, propelling may commence when this "Off" indicator is illuminated. If, due to a failure of equipment, it is not
possible for signal W330 to be cleared, the Westbury Signaller must give the Driver permission for signal W330 to be
passed at Danger.
If slipping is experienced the train may be assisted in rear by any other locomotive. The assisting locomotive must not be
coupled to the train and must not proceed beyond the Mendip Rail "Limit of Movement" board.
After the train has arrived in White's Crossing siding, the train must have been at a stand for not less than two minutes
before the train departs towards Westbury.
Trains arriving via White's Crossing siding must be hauled from the siding by a locomotive.
The train locomotive(s) must remain with the train into the Exchange sidings. The Driver of the train locomotive(s) must:
(i)      reduce the brake pipe pressure to "zero";
(ii)     place the automatic brake valve in the "shut down" position and:-
         (a)        isolate the E70 brake control unit, or
         (b)        place the brake control switch to "isolate" in the case of Class 59 locomotives;
(iii)    place the master switch to the "off" position.




April 2009                                                        617
