                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




       DIRECT-LINE TELEPHONES
       Where telephone circuits are grouped on certain recently renewed telephone concentrators, there is NO engaged tone if a
       call is started whilst another telephone in the same group is in use.
       This situation is normal. If no ringing or engaged tone is heard initially, it probably means that another line in that group is
       being used. The caller must hang up and try again in thirty seconds. Unless you still cannot get through after two or
       three attempts, do NOT assume that the telephone has failed.
       Reminder stickers are provided at the telephones concerned.
                                               Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06


       DRIVER ONLY OPERATION
       Passenger (DOO – P)

       The operation of DOO (P) trains is permitted on the following sections of the routes listed below:
       GW103    Paddington to Foxhall Junction
       GW174    West Ealing to Greenford Bay Junction
       GW175    Greenford Bay Junction to Greenford
       GW176    Hanwell Junction to Drayton Green Junction
       GW180    Heathrow Airport Junction to Heathrow Terminals 4 and 5
       GW184    Slough to Windsor & Eton Central
       GW185    Maidenhead to Bourne End
       GW187    Twyford to Henley-on-Thames
       GW200    Didcot to Heyford
       GW220    Reading, Oxford Road Junction to Reading West Junction
       GW240    Didcot East Junction to Didcot North Junction via Avoiding line
       GW250    Foxhall Junction to Didcot West Curve Junction
       GW500    Reading to Bedwyn
       Non-Passenger (DOO - NP)

       The operation of DOO (NP) trains is permitted on all lines controlled by Network Rail Western route.
       Empty passenger coaching stock trains must be fitted with power doors or central door locking. DOO (NP) working is
       permitted with defective passenger doors provided that they have been locked out of use.
       Some lines have equipment such as level crossings and ground frames, or particular methods of working which require a
       second member of Train Operating Company staff to be present. Personnel involved in the planning of DOO (NP)
       movements must take this into account.
                                               Western Route GI - Dated: 17/02/14




       April 2009                    58
