                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       Train dispatch from a mid-platform signal – passing the next signal at danger
       The driver must tell the guard and PIC of dispatch when a train is to be dispatched from a mid-platform signal and it is
       necessary to pass the next (platform starting) signal at danger.
       When the driver has the signaller’s permission to pass the platform starting signal at danger, the driver must tell the guard
       and PIC of dispatch.
       Train dispatch - mid-platform signal cleared for a train to leave the station
       The PIC of dispatch must make sure that the mid-platform signal is displaying a green aspect before starting the train
       dispatch procedure.
       The above instruction does not apply to train dispatch of ECS leaving the station when a position-light signal associated
       with the platform starting signal is cleared. In the circumstances, the mid-platform signal will only be capable of displaying
       a single yellow aspect. If the train is subsequently stopped at the platform starting signal displaying a red aspect, it must
       be dispatched again when the signal clears.
       Passing a mid-platform signal at danger – station duties in far platform
       When it is necessary for a train that is to be dealt with in a far platform to pass a mid-platform signal at danger, the
       signaller, driver and PIC of dispatch must reach a clear understanding about what is happening before the train is moved
       from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
       The driver must tell the guard what is happening before the train is moved from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
       When the train arrives at the mid-platform signal, the guard (or driver) must not release the doors. The guard must use
       the public address system to tell passengers not to get out of the train until a further announcement is made.
       When the driver has the signaller’s permission to pass the mid-platform signal at danger, the driver must tell the guard and
       PIC of dispatch. The train must be dispatched to the far platform.
       If the train has slam doors without central door locking, the instructions shown in rule book module SS1 / 3.12 must be
       carried out by the guard and PIC of dispatch before the train is run to the far platform.
       Setting-back movements where permissive working is authorised
       If a setting-back movement when coupling or uncoupling within the permissible distance will otherwise pass a mid-platform
       signal at danger, the driver must not make any movement unless the mid-platform signal concerned is cleared for the
       movement or the movement is authorised by the signaller.
       Locomotive-hauled trains – rear locomotive leaving the train
       An assisting locomotive may be detached on a through platform line. A locomotive which has been detached must not be
       moved until a signal is cleared for the movement or the movement is authorised by the signaller.
                                                         Dated: 13/11/2022




       April 2009                   557
