                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW642 - COOMBE (EXCL) TO MOORSWATER
Coombe No.2 GF To Moorswater

The points leading to the Coombe - Moorswater line are controlled by Coombe No.2 ground frame which is released by
the "No Signaller" token. The normal position of the ground frame is with the points set in the trap position.
Trains from Liskeard must be brought to a stand at the ground frame "Stop" board and the Shunter must obtain the token
from the Driver, reverse the ground frame points and authorise the Driver to proceed onto the Moorswater line. The
ground frame points must then be replaced to the normal position and the token placed in the intermediate token
instrument.
Trains from Moorswater must be brought to a stand at the ground frame "Stop" board and the Shunter must obtain the "No
Signaller" token from the intermediate token instrument, reverse the ground frame points and authorise the Driver to
proceed onto the Coombe-Liskeard section. The ground frame must then be replaced to the normal position and the
token handed to the Driver.
Moorswater level crossing. The instructions for "Open Crossings (non-automatic)" in the Rule Book, Module TW8 apply at
this crossing.
Trains must be brought to a stand at the crossing and must not proceed until the Shunter has positioned himself on the
crossing to exhibit a hand danger signal to road traffic and pedestrians until the movement has passed clear.
Moorswater. Before passing over Moorswater level crossing, the Train Operating Company Person in Charge (PiC) must
obtain permission from the Blue Circle Person in Charge to enter the sidings. No movement may be made by a Train
Operating Company locomotive in Moorswater sidings without prior verbal agreement and a clear understanding must be
reached between the PiC and the Blue Circle Person in Charge.
                                                                                                            Dated: 06/03/10

GW650 - LOSTWITHIEL TO CARNE POINT, FOWEY
Entire Line Of Route

The train staff for this branch must normally be delivered to and received from drivers by the signaller at Lostwithiel.
In order to cater for traffic requirements, the train staff may be left at Fowey Docks overnight and locked in the special
cabinet provided. The Train Operating Company Person in Charge (PiC) must contact the signaller and request
permission to lock the train staff away.
These arrangements can also apply if the shunting locomotive kept at Carne Point needs to leave the yard for any reason.
When the train staff is required for the next train movement, the PiC must contact the signaller and request permission to
obtain the train staff from the lockable cabinet. Provided the signaller agrees to the request, a combination code will be
dictated which allows the cabinet to be unlocked.
When required in connection with engineering work, arrangements must be made in advance for the train staff to be
locked away at Fowey after completion of train movements as shown above. The PICOP or COSS must contact the
signaller and request permission to obtain the train staff from the lockable cabinet.
On completion of the work, the PICOP or COSS must contact the signaller and request permission to lock the train staff
away.
The following details must be recorded by the signaller in the special train staff log book provided :
•   name and grade of the person requesting permission for the train staff to be left or obtained at Fowey
•   reason for the request
•   time permission given to leave or obtain the train staff
                                                                                                            Dated: 03/03/14

GW650 - LOSTWITHIEL TO CARNE POINT, FOWEY
Golant LC (OC)

Drivers must approach the level crossing with caution, sound the locomotive horn and be prepared to stop short of any
obstruction.
If the warning bell fails, Drivers of Up trains must be advised accordingly before departure from Carne Point. If a Driver
becomes aware that the crossing warning bell is not working properly, he must advise the Lostwithiel Signaller.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                     637
