                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       The TOC PiC must accompany the locomotive from the Exchange sidings. The locomotive must be brought to a stand at
       signal W330 and the Driver must obtain the Signaller's permission to pass the signal at Danger. When permission has
       been given, the locomotive may proceed to the rear of the train.
       When signal W369 has been cleared, the train may proceed to the Exchange sidings. After the train has come to a stand
       in the Exchange sidings, the train locomotive must be detached and the Driver must act on instructions given by the TOC
       PiC regarding further movements of the locomotive.
       White's Crossing Siding. The stabling of vehicles on this siding is prohibited.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       GW580 - EAST SOMERSET JN TO CRANMORE
       Merehead West To CRANMORE (ESR)

       Handling of Train Staff. The train staff for the Merehead West to Cranmore section is kept in Westbury signalbox; if the
       Driver cannot collect it from or return it to the signalbox, arrangements must be made for a competent Train Operating
       Company or Network Rail person to hand it to or collect it from the Driver at either Merehead West or Cranmore.
       The Signaller at Westbury must be informed when the train staff has been handed to or collected from a Driver at a
       location remote from the box and when a train to Cranmore has passed onto the One Train Working section complete with
       tail lamp.
       The Network Rail key for the ground frames at Cranmore East and Cranmore Gates is attached to the train staff. The East
       Somerset Railway also have a key for these ground frames. Both keys are required to operate them.
       Cranmore East GF. The points at Cranmore East GF must always be set to the derail position and the ground frame
       locked when trains do not require to proceed through.
       Trains arriving at Cranmore must be stopped at the END OF SECTION board at Cranmore East GF. The ground frame
       must not be operated until a clear understanding has been reached with the East Somerset Railway Person in Charge
       (ESR P-i-C) as to the moves to be made.
       For trains leaving Cranmore, Westbury Signaller's permission must be obtained before the ground frame is operated for a
       train to enter the One Train Working section.
       Passenger trains. Such trains may operate between East Somerset Jn and Cranmore only when authorised by published
       notice.
       A competent person must be appointed to take charge of movements, and liaise with the ESR P-i-C as required. He must
       ensure that the points at Cranmore East GF and the handpoint leading to/from the platform line are secured for all
       movements.
       Other than passenger trains. Traincrews are responsible for liaison with the ESR P-i-C as required and for operation of the
       ground frames at Cranmore.
                                                           Dated: 22/09/12




       April 2009                   618
