                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       Hemerdon GF

       Ground frame. The ground frame Operator must obtain permission from the Signaller to operate the ground frame. When
       permission has been given they must press the "Free" button to release the ground frame. The 'N' and 'R' buttons may
       then be operated as required.
       If one of these buttons fails to become illuminated the Operator must advise the Signaller. If the 'N' or 'R' push button fails
       to become illuminated no movement must be made over the points until they have been clipped or the button becomes
       illuminated.
       Before leaving the ground frame the Operator must press the "close" button and advise the Signaller.
       Trains assisted in rear in emergency. After an Up train, assisted in rear due to locomotive failure, has arrived in the Up
       Goods Loop at Hemerdon the assisting locomotive(s) may proceed in the wrong direction to the Up Main line for the
       purpose of running-round prior to being attached to the front.
       The movement from the Up Goods Loop must not start until authorised by the Hand signaller appointed and the
       locomotive(s) must be brought to a stand immediately on the Plymouth side of the Up Main line signal P73.
       The handsignaller must not authorise the movement of the locomotive(s) from the Up Goods Loop until they have obtained
       the permission of the Signaller and has satisfied themselves that the Up Main line to Up Goods Loop points are in the
       correct position and have secured the spring points at the Loop entrance in the closed position.
       The spring points must be released immediately the movement has passed clear and the Signaller must be advised when
       this has been done.



       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       Tavistock Jn GF To Hemerdon GF

       Blue “sandstick” boxes are provided in the up cess every quarter mile from 241m 00ch to 239m 60ch.
       Inside each box is one “sandstick” complete with a container of sand; a standard carriage key unlocks the box. The sticks
       and sand are only for use by train crew or others in an emergency to enable a train to gain adhesion on a slippery rail.
       Once a “sandstick” has been used the controlling signaller must be advised so that it can be refilled.
                                                           Dated: 04/04/09

       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       Laira Diesel Depot To PLYMOUTH

       See route GW628.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       PLYMOUTH

       Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
       one route is available.
       Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
       the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
       LocationShunt details
       PlymouthTo or from Dock 4, platforms 3,4, Through Line, Platforms 5, 6, 7 and 8 – To Down
       West endMain signal P52 and return from signal P131.

       PlymouthTo or from Platform 8, Park 1 and 2 sidings – To Up Spur and return from P112.
       East endPark Siding 2 currently clipped out of use.
               To or from Dock 2, 3 Platform 4, Through Line, Platforms 5, 6, 7 and 8, Park 1 and 2
               – To Up Main P61 signal and return from P120, maintaining 211 points normal.

       Permissive Working
       No detaching or attaching in platform 6 with class 80x traction.
                                                          Dated: 11/04//20


       April 2009                   564
