                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1



       6.Drivers must complete an ATP Report Form at the end of the journey (or when relieved if sooner) as shown below,
         whether or not they had previously reported the fault verbally as instructed in Clause 7.
               LEVEL 1          LEVEL 2            LEVEL 3


           WRONG SIDE FAILURE  RIGHT SIDE -   RIGHT SIDE -RECOVERABLE
                             NON-RECOVERABLE

          Driver continues journey and
                           Driver continues journey and
                                            Driver continues journey and
          completes written fault report
                           completes written fault report
                                            completes written fault report form at
          at the end of the journey or
                           form at the end of the journey or
                                            the end of the journey or when
          when relieved.   when relieved.   relieved.

          Driver faxes completed form
                           Driver deals with completed
                                            Driver faxes completed form direct to
          direct to Network Rail
                           form as per TOC instructions.
                                            Network Rail Operations Control.
          Operations Control.
                           TOC follows up fault as
                                            Operations Control follows up fault
          Operations Control follows up
                           necessary.       as necessary with Control and, if the
          fault as necessary with           fault persists, issues a suitable
          Control.                          Notice with the details.


       7.Speed restrictions
         The below instructions do not apply to the imposition of Blanket Speed Restrictions (BESR), which are managed
         according to Rulebook Module SP Section 6 and no trackside equipment will be provided.
         (a) Temporary Speed Restrictions

         When a Temporary Speed Restriction (TSR) is imposed, on an ATP-fitted line, the ATP track equipment will be
         adjusted so as to provide full supervision of speed to accord with the restriction. This adjustment must be made at
         the same time as the lineside equipment and other arrangements are introduced as set out in the Rule Book.
         The Maintainer must immediately advise the controlling Signaller when the adjustments to the ATP track equipment
         have been carried out.
         Until such time as they have been told that this adjustment has taken place, the controlling Signaller MUST tell drivers
         of all ATP fitted trains that ATP will not give any indications for the Temporary Speed Restriction. A GSM-R advisory
         broadcast may be used for this purpose

         (b) Emergency Speed Restrictions

         When it is necessary for an Emergency Speed Restriction (ESR) to be imposed on an ATP-fitted line, the appropriate
         Control will, unless the ESR is caused by non-removal of a TSR at the published time, arrange for lineside ATP
         control equipment to be adjusted.

         This adjustment to the equipment will be in two phases :-

         (i) The Maintainer must immediately arrange to adjust the ATP track equipment. This involves inserting an ESR
         “plug” so that all ATP-fitted trains approaching the restriction will receive an immediately-recoverable emergency
         brake application, together with an “ESR” indication in the main cab display window. In these circumstances the
         target speed will be extinguished until the train has passed beyond the affected area. Supervision will however be
         maintained in respect of signal aspects, PSRs etc.

         The Technician making the adjustment must advise Control immediately the above first-phase adjustment has been
         completed.

         (ii) If the Emergency Speed Restriction is likely to continue for more than a few hours, Control must arrange
         production of TSR type ‘speed plugs’ which will provide the necessary speed supervision in respect of the ESR.

         This second-phase adjustment to the ATP equipment must be carried out as quickly as possible. The Technician
         making the adjustment must advise Control when this is done.




       April 2009                    69
