                                                          OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW108 – FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
TAUNTON

Engineer's Siding. The handpoint connection in the Down Bay Siding leading to the Engineer's Siding must normally be
secured and padlocked for movements along the Down Bay Siding.
No movement must be made from the Siding towards ground position light signal E622 without the authority of the
Signaller.
General. The single line between Norton Fitzwarren Junction and Bishops Lydeard is worked in accordance with the WSR
‘No signalman token’ regulations and is under the control of the WSR Signalman at Bishops Lydeard. Token instruments
for this section of line are located only on the WSR. All signalling and permanent way arrangements are provided to full
passenger standards.
The Network Rail / WSR ownership boundary is at 165m 15½ch. An up direction board is provided at this location which
reads ‘WSR locomotives must not pass this point’. An Up direction train approach treadle, sounding an annunciator in
Exeter signal box, is provided at 166m 48ch.
Signal release instruments, normally operated by the WSR Person in Charge (PiC) using the WSR token, are provided at
Taunton station at the buffer stop end of No. 1 down bay platform and at the Silk Mill relay room. Both machines are
located in locked cabinets opened by a key attached to the WSR token. The WSR PiC will join through down direction
movements at Taunton Station or signal E.322 whichever is most convenient.
Working of trains. A train may only enter or foul the single line section between Norton Fitzwarren Junction and Bishops
Lydeard without the driver having the token when any of the following applies :
      •   working by pilotman
      •   assisting a failed train
      •   engineering train entering a T3 possession.
Before a route can be set from signal E630 / E324 towards the single line, the Norton Fitzwarren Junction / Bishops
Lydeard WSR token must be put through one of the release instruments. If a train does not then proceed for any reason,
the driver must operate a plunger to cancel the slot release.
When working by pilotman is required to be introduced, WSR forms must be used provided. The WSR will appoint the
pilotman, who will dictate the necessary details to the signaller at Exeter. The WSR pilotman will accompany every train
over the single line.
Engineering work. The WSR single line token must be obtained to protect any work that requires either a line blockage or
T3 possession to be taken between Norton Fitzwarren Junction / Bishops Lydeard.
The signaller at Exeter will only be involved in the arrangements for blocking a line or a T3 possession of the single line
section in the following situations :
      •   work is to take place on or affecting the Network Rail-owned portion of the single line between Norton Fitzwarren
          Junction and 165m 15½ch, or
      •   engineering trains need to enter or leave the single line at the Norton Fitzwarren Junction end to reach a Network
          Rail or WSR worksite. If the worksite is on the WSR, the signaller at Exeter will obtain permission from the WSR
          PICOP before authorising the driver to proceed towards the possession.
Arrangements must be made in advance with the WSR company to obtain the token from Bishops Lydeard signal box.
Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available
Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.

Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
and the signals at which the train will reverse behind
    Location             Shunt details
    Taunton East end     Routed from Platforms to E191 (maintained at danger) and reverse behind E604
    Taunton West end     Platform 2 or 3 to Platform 4/5 – E20/E120 to Limit of Shunt then E619 to E85 or
                         E185. NOT SUITABLE FOR 10 CAR IET

                                                                                                            Dated: 11/04/20

.




April 2009                                                   559
