                                                         OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



Movement of privately owned locomotive and wagons. A Hanson authorised locomotive, or where engineering work is to
be undertaken a locomotive with vehicles is permitted onto the single line provided that:
i)   the movement does not proceed beyond the Hanson / Network Rail boundary at 2m 40ch
j)   the train is described as 0Z99 or 8Z99 when undertaking engineering work in connection with Rule Book,
     Module TW1, Section 40
k)   a Hanson PiC is appointed and this person must agree with the Signaller at Westbury the maximum time
     needed to do the work
l)   when hauling wagons, they must remain coupled at all times and the locomotive must always be marshalled
     at the Frome end
m) when the movement arrives at site, handbrakes and scotches must be applied to the vehicles prior to any
   engineering work commencing
n)   any work being undertaken does not affect the integrity of the signalling system
o)   no other rail mounted plant is allowed on the portion of track.
The Hanson PiC at Whatley Quarry must advise the Westbury Signaller when the privately owned locomotive, or
locomotive with vehicles, has returned to the Quarry. The PiC must confirm that the train is complete and that the line is
clear and safe to run on. Normal working may then be resumed.
Where the work may affect the integrity of the signalling system, protection must be afforded by using Rule Book, Modules
TS1, Regulation 13 or T3, or the special instructions contained in this section.
Possession of the line for engineering work on Hanson owned infrastructure. The usual engineering T3 possession
planning timescales and publication arrangements will not apply on this section of line. Special arrangements apply and
instructions have been issued to the Hanson appointed Person in Charge (PiC) and the Signallers at Westbury signal box.
The times the line will be blocked must be agreed between Network Rail and Hanson and advised to the Westbury
Signaller.
If an engineering train is required to enter the Hanson engineering work site from the Frome direction, the Signaller will
authorise Drivers to pass signal W.316 at danger and proceed at caution to the Hanson representative positioned at the
detonator protection at 2m 40ch (site of former Hapsford Junction).
The Hanson PiC must advise the Westbury Signaller when an engineering train is ready to leave the work site at 2m 40ch
and proceed towards Frome.
Where protection has been placed beyond signal W.285, and an engineering train is required to enter the Hanson
engineering work site from the Whatley Quarry direction, the Signaller will authorise Drivers to pass signal W.285 at
danger and proceed at caution to the Hanson representative positioned at the detonator protection.
The Hanson PiC must advise the Westbury Signaller when an engineering train is ready to leave the work site at the
protection approaching signal W.285 and proceed towards Whatley Quarry.
Possession of the line for engineering work on Network Rail owned infrastructure. The usual planning timescales,
publication arrangements and engineering train working will apply. Network Rail possessions will be taken over the whole
route between Frome North Junction and Whatley Quarry.
Movements over points 933 at Whatley Quarry. Points 933 will self-restore towards the shunting neck if there is an
interruption to either the power supply or a failure of the electronic signalling link.
If it is necessary to make any unsignalled movement over these points to or from the branch, either
     •   a person must be appointed at the points to ensure that the route is correctly set immediately before the
         movement takes place, or
     •   the points must be secured for the branch.
                                                                                                          Dated: 13/03/21




April 2009                                                  616
