                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW200 - DIDCOT TO HEYFORD
       Restriction of Reversible Working on the Up and Down Oxford Lines between Kennington Junction
       (exclusive) and Appleford Junction (exclusive).

       The Up and Down Oxford lines between Kennington Junction (exclusive) and Appleford Junction (exclusive) are
       reversibly signalled lines with trains able to travel in both directions over either the Up or Down Oxford lines.
       Pending the introduction of a lockout device (PLOD) a temporary process has been put in place to request that the
       reversible working over the Up and Down Oxford lines between Kennington Junction (exclusive) and Appleford Junction
       (exclusive) is restricted by signalling controls being disabled. This restriction will allow activities such as track patrolling to
       take place utilising lookout protection for normal direction of travel moves.
       Access onto this section of railway utilising the reversible working restriction is for activities such as track patrolling and is
       not a substitute for carrying out activities with lookout protection when that activity should be planned into a possession or
       line blockage.
       The Swindon Maintenance DU Planning Team will co-ordinate any request for the reversible working to be restricted and
       agree dates/times and COSS provision etc before then forwarding to the Thames Valley Signalling Centre Box
       Technicians. This co-ordination will allow for the periods of restricting reversible working to be kept to a minimum and only
       allow for activities that need to be undertaken in this manner.
       Should you require access that requires the reversible working to be restricted to be considered you must submit a formal
       request to SwindonPlanningSheets@networkrail.co.uk.
       If the request is agreed by the Swindon Maintenance DU Planning Team then staff (e.g COSS) attending site must
       contact the Oxford or Didcot Workstation signaller and request that ‘reversible working is restricted on the Up and Down
       Oxford lines between Kennington Junction exclusive and Appleford Junction exclusive’. They should provide the signaller
       with name, employer, mobile telephone number, where the activity will be taking place and time required. Provided the
       Signaller if satisfied with the request they will confirm back once the reversible working has been disabled so that trains
       can only run in the normal direction.
       When the activity requiring reversible working to be restricted has been completed the person (e.g COSS) who was
       granted the ’Restriction of Reversible Working’ must contact the Signaller and confirm that the restriction of reversible
       working is no longer required and that staff are all clear of the line. Should there be a change of COSS etc during the
       period the reversible working restriction is in place then the person who was granted the reversible working restriction
       MUST contact the Signaller and advise them of the details.
                                                         Dated: 18/08/2018




       April 2009                   576
