                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




       LINES EQUIPPED WITH AUTOMATIC TRAIN
       PROTECTION
       NOTE: These instructions do NOT apply to ERTMS Level 2 lines.
       8.Scope

         These Instructions apply to all lines shown in Table A of this Appendix as fitted with ATP track equipment, which are
         broadly defined as follows:
         • Paddington, platforms 1-12 and 14
         • Paddington to Kensal Green, Lines 1-6
         • Kensal Green to Bristol TM East Junction, Main lines
         • Kensal Green to Heathrow Airport Junction, Relief lines
         • Heathrow Airport branch
         • Reading (Westbury Line Jn) to Newbury / Ufton
         • Wootton Bassett Junction to Stoke Gifford East.
         ATP trainborne equipment is fitted to:
           • All Class 180 DMU trains
           • Most Class 253/ 254 (HST) trains that operate on the routes concerned
           • IEP Class 80x
       These Instructions apply equally to all classes of ATP-fitted train regardless of Train Operator except where stated
       otherwise.
       9.General

         ATP is an additional safety system, which must be used at all times by Drivers of ATP-fitted trains* when operating
         over the lines defined above. Trains not fitted with ATP may use ATP fitted lines without restriction, subject to any
         relevant conditions that may be imposed under Vehicle Acceptance certification processes.

         NOTE * - Classes 165 and 168 trains fitted with Chiltern Lines ATP, which is technically incompatible, are not “ATP-
         fitted” for the purposes of these Instructions.

         ATP-fitted trains must not enter service with ATP equipment inoperative in any driving cab that requires to be used,
         unless the train concerned can operate entirely away from ATP-fitted lines until the fault has been rectified$. Should
         ATP equipment become inoperative on a train in service on an ATP-fitted line, the train must be taken out of service in
         accordance with the Contingency Plan agreed between Network Rail and the TOC concerned.

         All Rules, Regulations and other Instructions continue to apply in the same way as for lines not fitted with ATP
         equipment, but additional Instructions as shown herein apply in respect of Temporary and Emergency Speed
         Restrictions.

         Partial ATP supervision is provided for any train on which the ATP equipment has been set up, whether or not the line
         is ATP fitted.
       2.Description of the system

         ATP consists of two elements :-

         Track equipment - fitted to the lines described above - which updates the trainborne equipment with information
         regarding the line conditions ahead. It consists of beacons and loops of varying lengths, positioned in the four-foot of
         the line to which they apply, on the approach to fixed signals, permissible speed changes and (in some cases) buffer
         stops.

         and




       April 2009                    66
