                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       DAWLISH WARREN

       Up Platform loop. Drivers of over-length trains should stop at the appropriate ‘car stop’ marker boards provided in
       advance of the Exeter end platform ramp. This will allow track circuits in rear to clear and permit following trains to pass
       on the Up Main line if necessary.
       Suitable on-train announcements should be made to passengers intending to alight at Dawlish Warren advising them to
       travel in the rear of the train.
       Adverse Weather. When a forecast of adverse weather conditions along the sea wall has been received by Operations
       Control, working between Dawlish Warren and Teignmouth will be in accordance with one of two categories of special
       instructions (either Level One or Level Two conditions). The Exeter Signaller will be able to advise whether either Level
       One or Level Two conditions apply: -
       Level One conditions
       The Drivers of all down trains will be accompanied from Dawlish Warren to Teignmouth by a Track Patrolman. The Exeter
       Signaller will advise the Driver that Level One conditions are in force. The Driver must advise the Signaller when the
       Track Patrolman has joined the train, and comply with any instruction given to him/her by the Signaller.
       The Track Patrolman will give further instruction to the Driver concerning the required speed of the train between Dawlish
       Warren and Teignmouth. The Driver must control the speed of their train in accordance with these instructions, to enable
       the Track Patrolman to carry out visual inspections. The train is to be brought to a stand at Teignmouth to allow the Track
       Patrolman to detrain.
       Level Two conditions
       When Level Two conditions are in force the Down line will be closed between Dawlish Warren and Teignmouth, and all
       down trains will be signalled over the Up Reversible line.
                                                           Dated: 03/08/19

       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       FORDGATE TO PENZANCE

       DAWLISH
       OPERATION OF DAWLISH STATION BARROW CROSSING WHEN LIGHTS ARE CONSTANTLY NOT LIT
       During a failure of Dawlish Station barrow crossing, or another issue, causing the barrow crossing lights to not be able to
       be lit, GWR will not use the Barrow Crossing and instead ensure any passengers with reduced mobility are circuited via
       Teignmouth or Newton Abbot. However, if due to a train failure, stranded passenger, or other exceptional occurrence, the
       following method of working must be adopted:
       The Dawlish Station platform dispatcher will telephone the signaller to request use of the barrow crossing
       The signaller must ask questions to ascertain what the user will cross with and how long the movement will take
       A suitable margin between trains must then be found and then DM206 and UM206 signals must be maintained at Danger
       to protect the movement before permission is given to use the crossing
       The Signaller must remind the GWR Dawlish Station Dispatcher that they must telephone the signaller as soon as the
       movement is completed
       The GWR Dawlish Station Dispatcher will telephone the signaller as soon as the movement is completed and following
       this DM206 and UM206 may be cleared and normal working may be resumed
       Safety Critical Communications must be maintained by both parties at all time.
                                                         Dated: 08/02/2020


       GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
       DAWLISH To TEIGNMOUTH

       Teignmouth sea cliffs. An automated rock-fall detection system, known as the Teignmouth Sea Cliffs Warning System is
       provided between the Teignmouth end of Phillot Tunnel 206m 68ch and the Dawlish end of Parsons Tunnel 207m 19ch.
       An audible and visual warning device, together with supporting computer terminal, is provided in Exeter signal box.




       April 2009                   562
