                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
Down Wootton Bassett Siding

Ground Frame. The ground frame Operator must obtain permission from the Signaller to operate the ground frame. When
permission has been given, the operator must press the "Free" button to release the ground frame. The 'N' and 'R' buttons
may then be operated as required.

If one of these buttons fails to become illuminated the Operator must advise the Signaller. If the 'N' or 'R' push button fails
to become illuminated no movement must be made over the points until they have been clipped or the button becomes
illuminated.

Before leaving the ground frame the Operator must press the "close" button and advise the Signaller.

Stone Siding. All movements into the siding must be propelled, with the locomotive driven from the Bristol end cab.

Trains for the siding must be brought to a stand on the Down line at the "37" marker board. Trains for this siding which
have a length greater than that of a locomotive and 37 SLU wagons must proceed past the 37 wagon marker board as
necessary.

The Person in Charge (PiC) must advise the Signaller that the train is ready to set back, obtain a release for the ground
frame and, when signal SW1240 has been cleared for the movement, depress the plunger to illuminate the set back
indicator. The indicator light is extinguished by releasing the plunger.

The propelling movement must not be commenced until the set back indicator has been illuminated and must be brought
to a stand immediately the light has been extinguished. If the set back indicator fails, movements must be controlled by
handsignals.

The movement must be brought to a stand with the locomotive at signal SW6535, controlling movements from the siding.
No further movement must be made until authorised by the Firm's representative.

When the wagons are ready to be propelled towards the loading area, the PiC must obtain two radio sets from the Firm's
representative and all instructions controlling movements in the siding thereafter must be transmitted by radio. After
switching on and handing one radio set to the driver, a satisfactory transmission test must be conducted.

Movements onto the unloading bridge must be brought to a stand with the first wagon to be unloaded positioned on the
bridge. Under no circumstances must the locomotive proceed onto or over the unloading bridge.

All movements over the unloading bridge must be controlled by the PiC, upon being authorised by the Firm's
representative. In addition, all movements must be controlled by means of the continuous brake in operation throughout
the train.

In the event of radio failure, movements must be controlled using the white shunting lights provided at intervals along the
siding i.e.

    1.   Light illuminated - Move forward
    2.   Light extinguished - Stop

Any propelling movement(s) during radio failure must be controlled by the PiC using handsignals.

                                                                                                             Dated: 25/01/16




April 2009                                                    553
