                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
South Liberty Siding

The Temple Meads signaller (Didcot, TVSC) must be told each time a freight operating company Person in Charge (PiC)
takes and leaves duty. The PiC will be informed when a train for the sidings is approaching
                                                                                                           Dated: 04/04/2018
GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
BRISTOL TEMPLE MEADS

Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available.
Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
and the signals at which the train will reverse behind
Location          Shunt details
Bristol East          1. High Level Siding to reverse behind Up Filton Relief (down direction) line signal BL2089
                           (gangway stock only - there is no staff walkway available for train crew to get down from the
                           train)
                      2.   Down Filton Main line (up direction) signal BL1820 to reverse behind signal BL1823
Bristol West          1.   To Up Relief line limit of shunt signal BL6729 and reverse behind BL215 – 323 metres
                      2.   To West Carriage Line and reverse behind position light signal BL6728 – 635 metres
                      3.   To West Carriage Washing Siding and reverse behind position light signal BL6730 – 671 metres
When route indication XF is displayed at either Up Filton Main line signal BL2072 or Down Filton Main (up direction) line
signal BL2074 (on the east signal gantry), the driver must run the train to stop behind Down Filton Main line signal BL1823
before changing ends.
Middle Siding East GF
The PiC must arrange for a release of the ground frame when a train which is to be run to the siding arrives at Up Through
(down direction) line position-light signal BL6703 (by the ground frame).
Working of through platform lines (other than platform 15)
Note: mid-platform signals may be referred to as platform sharing signals (PSS) in other publications – for the purposes of
these instructions, they are the same.
Checking the platform starting signal
If due to length, a portion of the train is outside the mid-platform signal - before starting the train dispatch procedure, the
guard and dispatch staff must make sure that that the platform starting signal is showing a proceed aspect and the
associated Off indicator is illuminated.
Permissive working – proceeding towards the rear of another train (far platform)
If, when the train arrives at the mid-platform signal, the train is longer than the near platform, the guard (or driver) must not
release the doors. The guard must use the public address system to tell passengers not to get out of the train until a
further announcement is made.
When the mid-platform signal clears, the train must be dispatched to the far platform.
The PIC of dispatch must tell the signaller when the driving cab has passed the mid-platform signal.
In an emergency when no alternative platform is available, a second train may platform share with a train in a far platform
so that the whole of the train is at the platform. The signaller and driver must reach a clear understanding about what is
happening before the train is moved from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
The driver must tell the guard what is happening before the train is moved from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.




April 2009                                                    556
