                                                         OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1


12. HEAVY AXLE WEIGHT TRAINS FROM CARDIFF TIDAL (RA7)
    The route from Cardiff Tidal to Pengam Jn is classified as RA7. For trains which generate RA8 form RT3973 is not
    required provided its route & destination are also RA8. If when generating RA8 the trains route & destination are RA7
    or less then form RT3973 is required. All trains generating RA9 /10 will require form RT3973 to be issued. All other
    instructions regarding forms RT3973 must be adhered to.
13. USKMOUTH POWER STATION / USKMOUTH BRANCH (RA8)
    Authority is given for trains starting from either Alexandra Dock Jn TC / East Usk Jn to run loaded up to RA10 without
    the need for form RT3973.
    These instructions apply in both directions.
                                                                                 Western Route GI - Dated: 05/03/16


INTERMEDIATE AND AUXILIARY TOKEN INSTRUMENTS
To place token in Instrument. The token must be pressed forward into the opening in the centre of the instrument, as if
using an ordinary key in a lock, ensuring that the key end of the token engages on the centre pin of the instrument. The
token must then be turned clockwise as far as possible, withdrawn from the centre pin and lowered into one of the
magazine slots.
The Signaller must be informed when the token has been placed in the instrument.
When the token has been placed in the instrument, the Signaller at each end of the section must immediately withdraw
and replace a token. The person operating the instrument must remain there until the test has been made and the
Signaller has informed him that everything is in order.
To obtain token from Instrument. The Signaller’s permission must be obtained before a token is withdrawn. The token
must be lifted in the magazine to the opening in the centre of the instrument, pressed forward ensuring that the key end of
the token engages on the centre pin of the instrument and then turned anti-clockwise as far as possible.
When both indicator needles are deflected the token must be turned anti-clockwise until it is free and can be withdrawn
from the instrument.
The Signaller must be informed that the token has been obtained from the instrument.
                                                                                 Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                   64
