                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW500 - READING TO COGLOAD JN VIA WESTBURY & FROME A/LS
       NEWBURY
       Working of Class 165/166 Network Turbo Units in Platform 2.
       1.  When a Class 165/166 Turbo Unit is positioned in Platform 2 at Newbury and is required to couple to another
           165/166 Turbo unit, and both the following conditions apply:-
           (a) the train is not provided with a Guard
           (b) passengers are aboard the unit
           the following instructions will apply.
       2.  Preparation of First Train
           2.1 The Person in Charge at Newbury must be in attendance on Platform 2 prior to the arrival of the second
               train.
           2.2 When the second train is approaching, the "Person in Charge" must assist the Driver of the train already
               in platform 2 to close the doors.
           2.3 When the doors of the first unit are closed the Driver must remove the Driver's master key from the
               controls.
           2.4 The Driver must then leave the cab and continue as diagrammed.
       3.  Attaching incoming unit to Stationary Turbo
           3.1 The Driver of the incoming train must stop their train six feet from the stationary train.
           3.2 The trains must then be coupled in accordance with Rule Book, Module SS2, Sections 6 and 7.
       4.  Release of Doors
           When the two units have coupled correctly the Driver may open the doors to allow passengers to detrain.
           NOTE:- If, after three attempts, coupling is unsuccessful then the passengers on the second train must be
           allowed to detrain before attempting to rectify the problem.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       GW500 - READING TO COGLOAD JN VIA WESTBURY & FROME A/LS
       Westbury Cement Works Sidings

       Westbury Cement Works sidings are shared between trains using the cement works for loading/unloading and movements
       made to stable or run-round aggregate trains. Light engine movements may also use the sidings for stabling purposes.
       A Person-In-Charge (PIC) must be on duty before a train is signalled towards the sidings. This may also be a driver of
       light engines in the circumstances detailed below.
       Arriving trains - general
       The signaller must obtain permission from the Train Operating Company Person-in-Charge (PiC) before signalling
       movements towards these sidings.
       Arriving trains – light engines
       If a light engine movement, made of up to 5 engines, is to be made to the sidings the driver may act as the PIC providing
       they confirm this before they leave their departure point. The signaller can signal this train normally into the sidings.
       When the light engines arrive at the access gate the driver will phone and give you their name and contact number. They
       will then become the PIC and open the access gates and stable the locomotives on line 1.
       When this has been completed, they will contact the signaller and advise that the locomotives have been secured and
       they are relinquishing the responsibility of PiC.
       Departing trains - general
       When train preparation duties have been completed, the PiC will obtain the signallers permission before authorising the
       driver to draw up towards signal W394.
       Departing trains – light engines
       When the departing train is made up of light engines only, the Driver will ask the signaller for permission to act as the PiC
       and provide their name and contact number.
       When the Driver/PiC is ready to depart they will contact the signaller to ask for permission to draw towards W394 signal.
       When the driver has the signallers permission, they will draw towards W394 signal and stop to shut the access gate and
       lock it. They will then contact the signaller to relinquish responsibility as PIC.
       The signaller must not clear W394 signal until they have confirmation from the driver that the access gate is shut and they
       have given up the role of PIC.
                                                         Dated: 10/04/2021

       April 2009                   609
