                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




                  From              To              Remarks

            Signal E90 (West of Newton
                             Signal E94 (West of Dainton)
                                                      --
            Abbot)
            Signal E94 (West of Dainton)
                             Signal DM227 (Marley
                                             Applicable only to trains formed
                             Tunnel)         with 8 trailer vehicles. Train must
                                             not stop at Totnes or be routed via
                                             the Down Platform Line thereat.


            Signal E98/E198 (Totnes)
                             Signal DM227 (Marley
                                             Applies to trains formed with 7
                             Tunnel)         trailer vehicles or less.


            Signal E3/E203 (Totnes)
                             Signal E7 (East of Dainton)
                                                      --


            Plymouth Station Signal UM235 (Ivybridge) --


            Par              St Austell               --
            Signal E190 (West of Newton
                             Paignton        Applies only to trains formed with 8
            Abbot)                           trailer vehicles. Train must not stop
                                             at Torquay.
            Paignton         Signal E109 (West of Newton
                                             Applies only to trains formed with 8
                             Abbot)          trailer vehicles. Train must not stop
                                             at Torquay.
            Torquay          Signal E109 (West of Newton
                                             Applies only to trains formed of 7
                             Abbot)          trailer vehicles or less.
            Signal PT255 (Llandeilo Jn)
                             Signal PT.261 (Swansea   --
                             Loop West Jn)
       c)   the driver must contact the signaller, who after receiving instructions from Network Rail operations control, must
       instruct the driver accordingly at Exeter St David’s, Newton Abbot, Paignton, Totnes, Plymouth, Bristol Temple Meads,
       Llanelli, Carmarthen or Fishguard Harbour stations as appropriate
         4. If the unassisted HST stops in section
       If an unassisted HST stops within the section through which a clear run had been agreed, the following arrangements apply
       if the train cannot be re-started using train borne or trackside sanding equipment :-
       • The driver must not attempt to re-start the train against the gradient until assistance is provided *.
         or
       •    If the train which is low-powered is capable of being driven from the cab which will become leading, arrangements
       may be made to return the train to a location in rear as instructed by the signaller. The line must be considered blocked and
       the wrong direction movement must be authorised and conducted in accordance with Rule Book Module TW7.
    •  NOTES:
    •  * Exceptionally, the train may continue from Plymouth station to Tavistock Junction, if this would facilitate assistance.
    •  Drivers are reminded that authority to proceed unassisted over gradients steeper than 1 in 80 will be given subject to a clear
       run being achieved on the approach to and over such gradients. Any attempt to restart the train on, or on the approach to,
       such gradients will potentially cause considerable damage to the power car.
       Short Formed HSTs operating OEO
       Class 253/254 HSTs formed of 4 coaches or less are permitted to operate between Par and Newquay on one engine only.
       This supersedes the Sectional Appendix instructions for this class of train.
       This does not apply during times of low adhesion, when the existing Sectional Appendix instructions for Class 253/25 4
       HSTs remain in force.


                                             Western Route GI - Dated: 04/07/2020




       April 2009                    56
