                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW182 - WEST DRAYTON TO COLNBROOK
West Drayton Jn

A down train of 71 SLU (1500 feet) total train length can be accommodated on the West Drayton Loop (down direction)
with the train stopped at signal T473 and the rear of the train clear of the Up Relief line.
If a down train exceeds this length limit and is required to operate onto the Colnbrook branch line then the person in
charge must be present at West Drayton LC (MG) in sufficient time before the train arrives at signal T473 to avoid delaying
trains on the Up Relief line.
                                                                                                             Dated: 26/09/15

GW182 - WEST DRAYTON TO COLNBROOK
West Drayton LC (MG)

The Person in Charge (PiC) must tell the signaller when taking duty at the crossing and ask for the fortress key to be
released to allow the crossing to be operated.
If the train is going to Thorney Mill Stone Terminal, the PiC must tell the signaller which line the train must be routed to.
When the train has passed, the PiC must replace the release key in the fortress key lock in the equipment cupboard and
tell the signaller that this has been done.
If it is not possible to close and secure the gates across the road because of failure or damage the PiC must tell the
signaller and ask for the driver of the approaching train to be cautioned.
                                                                                                             Dated: 27/12/13


GW182 - WEST DRAYTON TO COLNBROOK
Thorney Mill Stone Terminal

A Person in Charge (PiC) must be appointed to take charge of all rail movements at this location. The PiC is the Freight
Operating Company member of ground staff and will be known as the Thorney Mill PiC. The PiC must advise the signaller
of their name and contact telephone number when taking duty. The signaller must also be advised when there is a change
of PiC or when the PiC goes off duty.
The PiC is responsible for giving permission for a train to enter the stone terminal and must tell the signaller which line the
approaching train must be routed to.
                                                                                                             Dated: 23/05/15

GW182 - WEST DRAYTON TO COLNBROOK
Colnbrook

For the purposes of this method of working, a single Person in Charge (PiC) must be appointed to take charge of all train
operations beyond stop board T3511. Separate PiCs must not be appointed for the Colnbrook Logistics Depot and the
Colnbrook oil Terminal. This person will be known as the Colnbrook PiC and must advise the signaller of their name and
contact telephone number when taking duty. The signaller must also be advised when there is a change of PiC or when
the PiC goes off duty.
Arriving trains
When a train arrives at West Drayton, the shunter must contact the signaller to confirm who the PiC at Colnbrook is and
obtain their contact telephone number.
If no PiC is on duty at Colnbrook, then the shunter accompanying the train onto the branch will take the role. The signaller
must confirm the person’s name and contact telephone number and record this on the sheet provided.
Only the PiC may authorise movements passed stop board T3511 at the entrance to the site.

Departing trains
If a train is to proceed beyond signal T3512 (either departing or for shunting purposes) then the PiC must contact the
signaller and obtain permission for the train to approach the signal.
If the PiC requires to leave Colnbrook and there is another train working in the yard, then the PiC will hand over
responsibility to the other shunter. The outgoing PiC will confirm with the signaller the new PiCs name and telephone
number.
If the Pic requires to leave Colnbrook and there is no other train in the yard, then the Pic will stand down and confirm this
with the signaller. The signaller must record this on the sheet provided.




April 2009                                                    574
