                                                            OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




LONDON AREA - TERMINAL AND BAY PLATFORM
ADVANCE STOP MARKERS
Advance Stop Markers, consisting of a yellow line painted on the platform surface 6½ yards on approach to the buffer
stops, are provided at the station platforms listed below. Drivers of trains arriving at these platforms when unoccupied
must stop before or at these markers. Where specific “car stop” marker signs are also provided Drivers must stop at the
marker corresponding to the length of the train.
            Hayes & Harlington - Platform 5
            Slough - Platforms 1
            Twyford - Platform 5
            Reading - Platforms 1, 2, & 3
            Bourne End - both platforms
            Marlow
            Henley-on-Thames
                                                                                    Western Route GI - Dated: 22/02/15


LONDON UNDERGROUND LTD ELECTRIFIED LINES
The London Underground Ltd (LUL) DC electrified lines are adjacent to Network Rail lines between the following points:-
            Paddington (Platform 14) and Westbourne Park
            Acton West and Ealing Broadway
            North Acton and South Ruislip
Cranes or other mechanical equipment must not be allowed to foul any of these lines without the prior agreement of LUL.
In the event of fire or arcing, water must not be applied to an electric wire or conductor rail until after the current has been
switched off.
Between Acton West and Ealing Broadway and North Acton and South Ruislip. Central line Underground trains
operate under Automatic Train Operation and require a Train Operator to ride in the front cab. The Train Operator has no
facility to reduce speed or stop the train other than to perform an emergency stop. Staff on or near the line must
acknowledge the train whistle after they are in a place of safety.
Switching off current in emergency. Anyone who becomes aware of:-
       1.     an incident on Network Rail lines affecting LUL lines, or
       2.     an incident on LUL lines affecting Network Rail lines
must, unless LUL staff are immediately available, contact the Network Rail Signaller by the most expeditious means and
request him to contact LUL to arrange for the current to be switched off.
The person contacting the Signaller must give his name and grade and the precise location and details of the incident. He
must also wait until an assurance is given that the current has been switched off.
                                                                                    Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                      75
