                                                         OFFICIAL


                              Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW300 - ABBOTSWOOD JN TO STOKE WORKS JN VIA WORCESTER
SHRUB HILL
WORCESTER SHRUB HILL

North Sidings ground frame. The signaller must be advised of the movements required to be made using this ground
frame. A Person in Charge of movements (PiC) must be appointed who must be specially trained in the use of the ground
frame. The PiC must be in attendance in good time and before trains approach from the Norton Junction direction.
Provided the signaller is in a position to grant permission, a release will be given for the interlocking lever.
After the points have been restored to the correct position, the PiC must not leave the ground frame until an assurance
has been received from the signaller that everything is in order.
Shunting movements – station area. The following is the preferred shunting route that will be used where more than one
route is available. Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between
the signaller and the driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
  Location            Shunt details
  Norton Junction     To or from Platforms 1A, 2A and 3 – To Up Main Line and reverse behind
  end                 shunting signal SH54
All shunting movements between the station and the Hereford / Back Road Sidings involving HSTs must be made using
one engine only with the Oxford end power car shut down. All FGW train movements into and out of the Hereford Sidings
must be made via the Norton Junction end using the North Sidings Ground Frame.
Back Road Siding (Bay Siding). Movements to and from the Back Road Siding are fully signalled and are under the
control of the signaller. Drivers must telephone the signaller for permission to make any movement towards the exit
ground disc signal.
The Tunnel Junction end of the siding is provided with electrical shore supply connections for use when HST sets are
being stabled.
Hereford Sidings. A PiC must be appointed whenever moves are required to, within or from these sidings. This person
must contact the signaller when starting and finishing duty and provide a contact telephone number. The PiC will be
responsible for the operation of the North Sidings Ground Frame.
Drivers wishing to undertake train preparation duties must telephone the signaller on arrival to agree suitable protection
arrangements and obtain permission to start work. The signaller must record the name of the driver together with a mobile
telephone contact number. The signaller must inform the driver if a PIC is already on duty.
Drivers must inform signallers when train preparation duties are complete. No other movements must be permitted
towards, within or from the Hereford sidings until train preparation duties are complete.
Drivers must obtain permission before making any movement towards the exit ground disc signal at the Norton Junction
end of the layout.
The Tunnel Junction end of sidings 1 and 3 are provided with electrical shore supply connections. Drivers of down
direction HST movements must bring their train to a stand at the shore supply stop boards provided.
No other movements are permitted in the Hereford Sidings whilst FGW HST services are being stabled or prepared for
service.
No. 2 Hereford Siding will be protected by the signaller when drivers are undertaking train preparation duties on roads 1
and / or 3.
Under normal circumstances no other movements will be permitted or planned over no. 2 Hereford Siding between the
hours of 04.00 and 06.30 daily.
Signallers will not release control of the ground frame until such time as they are advised that all FGW train preparation
duties are complete and all FGW staff are clear of the Hereford sidings.
                                                                                                         Dated: 11/04/20




April 2009                                                 585
