                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


       Penzance Station - Tail lamps. Drivers of arriving trains must ensure that red lights are displayed on the rear of their
       trains. These red lights must remain illuminated until 5 minutes before departure time, regardless of signal aspect
       displayed.
       Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
       one route is available
       Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
       the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
       Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
       and the signals at which the train will reverse behind
       Location  Shunt details
       Penzance  From Platforms 1, 2, 3, 4 and Oil Sidings to Platforms 1, 2, 3, 4 and Oil Sidings
                 via Carriage Reception Line – Forward from signal PZ67, PZ68, PZ69, PZ 70
                 and PZ71 to PZ39 (Carriage Reception Line). Return from PZ28, also clearing
                 PZ26 if the movement is back into Platform 3 or Platform 4, 32 points to be
                 maintained Normal.

       Class 80x operation.
       Platform 3 - 10 car IETs are prohibited from platform 3.
       Platform 4 - 10-car IETs are prohibited from platform 4.
       9-car IETs can only use platform 4 in an emergency situation, or if there will be substantial delays incurred to the service
       due to operational difficulties and therefore to prevent the train from becoming stranded.

       Arrival
       If a 9-car IET is to be signalled into platform 4, the train will be brought to a stand at PZ1 signal. The signaller must advise
       the driver that the train will be signalled into platform 4 and the reasons why. Once the route is set into platform 4, the
       driver is to proceed and stop at the IET platform stop marker and release all doors (doors 1-18).

       Departure
       The train can only depart platform 4 as an ECS movement.
       The driver must speak with the signaller to confirm that signal PZ70 is showing a proceed aspect and that the route is
       cleared for the movement taking place.
       The dispatcher will then confirm that they have permission from the signaller to proceed and will physically check that
       signal PZ70 is showing a proceed aspect before the dispatch process can commence.


                                                         Dated: 26/11/2022




       April 2009                   568A
