                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




       SANDITE APPLICATION AND RAIL CONDITIONING
       TRAINS
       1.Types of rail conditioning trains
          1.1 The Railhead Treatment Train (RHTT) consists of converted and specially-adapted wagons hauled by a
            locomotive at each end
          1.2 The Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) consists of a specially-built unit with driving cabs at each end.
          1.3 All types of train carry out conditioning of the railhead during autumn by a combination of water jetting and the
            application of sandite traction gel.
       2.Speed
          2.1 The maximum speed of trains when water jetting and applying sandite is 60mph
       3.Notices
          3.1 Notices will be produced detailing the locations where sanditing and water jetting will take place.
          3.2 Operations Control must advise signallers of any deviation from the railhead treatment plan which may be
            agreed to cater for exceptional circumstances or to treat a problem location not normally treated.
          3.3 Signallers must pass details of changes to the booked plan to the train if instructed to do so by Operations
            Control.
       4.Signalling arrangements
          4.1 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Jxx when operating water
            jetting-only diagrams.
          4.2 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Sxx when operating
            diagrams that apply sandite.
          4.3 Where train describers are not in use the rail conditioning train will be described by special bell signal or
            special Is Line Clear signal 3-4-2.
          4.4 All types of rail conditioning trains may be relied upon to operate track circuits whether applying sandite or not.
            When applying sandite, signallers must specially observe the passage of the train and the next train to follow
            over track circuits, where provided.
          4.5 Signallers must deal with any failure by the train to operate a track circuit correctly by immediately applying
            Rule Book Module TS11, regulation 15 and advising Operations Control of the failure. Rule Book Module TS1,
            Regulation 12 must be applied to all subsequent trains over the affected portion of line until at least 2 trains
            have operated the track circuit normally.
                                               Western Route GI - Dated: 26/08/17
       SEMI-AUTOMATIC TRAIN WARNING SYSTEM (SATWS)
       Network Rail (NR) is improving track worker safety by introducing higher integrity warning systems that do not require lookouts to
       be positioned to Warn of approaching trains, these systems include SATWS.
       SATWS will give track workers sufficient audio and visual warning of approaching trains within the required derived warning time
       (minimum 25seconds, maximum 45 seconds) to locations where sighting of trains is difficult and / or traffic density is high,
       precluding line blocks being taken for protection and to meet NR’s target of zero unassisted lookout working.
       The SATWS system applies to the following locations and lines of route
       LOR   Line of Route description
                                Section of Line Equipped
                                                 Worksite Area
                                (from/to)
       GW500                    60m 11ch – 60m 56ch
             Reading to Cogload Jn via Westbury  Hungerford - All lines ①
             & Frome A/Ls
                                                 Bedwyn – all lines②
                                66m 40ch - 66m 57ch
                                                 Savernake GF – all lines
                                70m 36ch - 70m 43ch
       GW606 Cowley Bridge Jn to Barnstaple
                                185m 68ch - 187m 56ch
                                                 Copplestone to Morchard Road
                                                 Chapelton to Barnstaple ③
                                207m 6ch - End of the line


       ① cannot be used if a train is held in the loop
       ② cannot be used when the Turnback Siding is occupied by a train
       ③ Additional possession of sidings required
                                      Western Route GI – Dated 16/05/2022




       April 2009                    78
