                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW180 - HEATHROW AIRPORT JN TO HEATHROW TERMINALS 4 AND 5
       Entire Line Of Route (ERTMS SPECIFIC INSTRUCTIONS)

       Movement Authorities extending beyond a signal at danger. For the purpose of applying Rule Book S7 (Section 7
       Reporting signalling failures and irregularities, 7.1 Signalling equipment), due allowance must be made for measurement
       errors and other tolerances and Movement Authorities (MAs) must be expected to extend up to approximately 20 metres
       beyond the signal at danger to which they apply.
       Failure to step up from Staff Responsible (SR) mode. When a train is making a movement in Staff Responsible (SR) mode
       and it does not step up to a Movement Authority (MA) before the limit of movement specified by the signaller, the driver
       must stop the train irrespective of the signal aspect.
       The driver must inform the signaller that the train has not stepped up from SR and that they will carry out another Start of
       Mission (SoM). If the SoM is successful and a Movement Authority (MA) is obtained, then the train can proceed normally.
       If the SoM is not successful and the train does not obtain an MA, then the driver must obtain permission from the signaller
       to revert to Level National Train Control (NTC).
       Changing mode from ETCS Level 2 to Level National Train Control (NTC). When a train driver cannot obtain a Movement
       Authority (MA) because of a failure, or after they have unsuccessfully carried out a new Start of Mission (SoM) and an MA
       still cannot be obtained, then they must inform the signaller. The signaller will instruct the driver to revert to Level NTC and
       proceed in accordance with Rule Book module TW5, section 24.5 as if TPWS was affected, except where modified below:
         • Where the driver cannot be accompanied trains may proceed at a speed not exceeding 40 mph (65 km/h).
         • If the movement is made towards buffer stops, the train must not proceed at a speed above 5 mph (10 km/h)
           from the platform ramp.
       If a failure can only be resolved by a train which must revert to Level NTC then the signaller may authorise this. If the
       failure is likely to continue for some period and affect multiple trains, then the signaller must obtain permission from
       Operations Control.
       Recovery of trains due to failure of ERTMS. If ERTMS signalling has failed on the Heathrow branch and trains are
       required to be recovered, they shall follow the instructions in Rule Book module TW5, section 24.5 as if TPWS was
       affected, except where modified below.
         • Where the driver cannot be accompanied trains may proceed at a speed not exceeding 40 mph (65 km/h).
         • If the movement is made towards buffer stops, the train must not proceed at a speed above 5 mph (10 km/h)
           from the platform ramp.
       Class 345 recovery in CBTC Staff Accountable or Recovery Mode. If a Class 345 train is unable to operate in Staff
       Responsible (SR) mode or revert to Level NTC, the driver may select Recovery Mode or Communications Based Train
       Control (CBTC) Staff Accountable.
       The train speed under CBTC Staff Accountable is supervised to 23 mph (40 km/h).
       The train speed under Recovery Mode is supervised to 9 mph (15 km/h).
       The signaller must make sure that there are at least two controlled signals which are being kept at danger between the
       train travelling in Recovery Mode or CBTC Staff Accountable and any conflicting or converging movements ahead of it.
       CBTC Staff Accountable and any conflicting or converging movements ahead of it.
                                                         Dated: 26/12/2021


       GW180 - HEATHROW AIRPORT JN TO HEATHROW TERMINALS 4 AND 5
       Entire Line of Route (ERTMS)

       Train tripped by TPWS at Heathrow Tunnel Junction. If an ETCS fitted train fails to transition at the ERTMS Level 1
       Launch after passing SN321, SN323 or SN325 it will be stopped by a TPWS brake intervention caused by the Overspeed
       Sensor System (OSS) fitted on the approach to Heathrow Tunnel Junction.
       If a train fails to transition and is stopped by a TPWS brake intervention the driver must inform the signaller of the
       conditions which led to the train being stopped. The signaller and the driver must complete the RT3185 form at the first
       convenient opportunity and make reference on the form to the TPWS activation AND the ERTMS level transition failure.
                                                         Dated: 27/08/2022




       April 2009                   573A
