                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       “Raise”
       “Lower”
       On arrival of a train at the “Stop” board, the guard/driver must unlock the cupboard and press the “Lower” button.When the
       button has been pressed, the “Up” indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering sequence has
       commenced and the road traffic signals will commence to operate.
       Red indicator lights will show that the road traffic signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. The “Lower”
       button must not be released until the barrier lowering sequence has been completed. The Guard must observe the
       crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
       If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the “Lower” button must be released. Further operation of the “Lower”
       button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the “Down” indicator will illuminate.
       Depression of the “Raise” button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the red road
       traffic signals will be extinguished.
       If it is necessary to stop the barriers rising the “Raise” button must be released.
       When the barriers are correctly lowered, a white light on the “Stop” board will flash. The Guard must then RELOCK THE
       CUPBOARD and rejoin the train. As the barriers are designed to rise automatically following the passage of the train, the
       train may proceed on its journey.

       Down and Up Trains:
       Approximately ¼ mile in advance of the crossing is an elevated indicator which, when illuminated, displays the letters “BU”
       to signify that the barriers have risen behind a train which has passed clear of the crossing,
       Failure of equipment
       The signaller at Crediton must be advised of the failure of any equipment at this level crossing at the first available
       opportunity.
       1.  Failure of white light
       If the white light on the “Stop” board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing provided that it has first been
       established that the barriers are fully lowered.
       2.  Failure of barriers
       If the barriers fail to lower, but the road traffic signals are operating the train may pass over the crossing provided the
       Driver is satisfied it is safe to do so
       3.  Failure of barriers and red road traffic signals
       If the event of failure of the barriers and red road traffic signals, trains may pass over the crossing provided the driver is
       satisfied it is safe to do so.
       4.  Failure of cab height pull-wire
       If the barriers fail to lower when the Down direction control wire is pulled, the Driver or Guard should contact the signaller
       and advise the circumstances. The driver or guard should obtain the key for the local control unit from the token hut and
       attempt to lower the barriers from the local control unit. If this attempt also fails, instructions 2 or 3 above must apply.
       5.  Failure of “BU” indication
       If the “BU” indication has not been illuminated by the time the train is about to pass it, the train must stop, and the guard
       must return to any of the barrier control cupboards and observe that “Up” indicator is illuminated. If the “Up” indicator is not
       illuminated, he must attempt to raise the barriers by pressing the “Raise” button on the control unit. Should this be
       unsuccessful, he must try the corresponding button on the any of the other control units.
       If, after these attempts, one or more barriers have still failed to raise completely, the following action must be taken: -
         (i)
           Contact the signaller and advise them of the circumstances. Obtain the barrier operating key and Allen wrench
             from the token hut for the barrier machines.
             NOTE: The offside barriers (YO/ZO) must be raised before the nearside barriers (YN/ZN).
         (ii)
           Go to the barrier that has failed to rise and unlock the rear barrier machine door by turning the barrier operating
              key anti-clockwise to unlock and then inserting the Allen wrench into the socket and rotating clockwise until
              the door is released and opens.
              NOTE: On opening the barrier unit door the audible warnings will stop sounding. They will start to
              sound again if any of the other barriers are not in the fully raised position when the door is closed
              and locked.
              NOTE: The barrier operating key will be held captive in the lock until the door is once again closed
              and locked.
         (iii) Raise each barrier that has failed to rise successively as described in paragraphs (iv) to (v) below:




       April 2009                   622
