                                                            OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




RAILWAY CRIME
All railway staff must be vigilant to railway crime and cable theft, and report any suspicious activity on the operational
railway, or in the area of electrical substations, to the controlling signaller.
Some examples of suspicious activity could be:
•   Anyone not wearing appropriate PPE, or that do not appear to have a safe system of work.
•   Anyone not responding to a train drivers warning, or appearing to hide as trains or people approach.
•   Vehicles that do not have any company markings or logos
•   Signalling location cabinets with doors open or missing, or troughing lids newly disturbed, with no staff nearby.
•   People ‘loitering’ in the area of electrical substations.
In such cases, please inform the controlling signaller as quickly as possible giving precise location details. Drivers do not
need to stop their trains immediately to report this, unless they consider it a safety of the line issue.


                                                                                            National GI - Dated: 30/08/14

RECORDING OF CONVERSATIONS
Telephone calls to Network Rail Signal Boxes, Electrical Controls and Operations Controls may be recorded for the
purposes of monitoring the quality of safety related dialogue and to assist with investigations into incidents.
                                                                                    Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06

REPORTS OF STONETHROWING, etc
    1.   On getting a report of stone (or other missile) throwing or use of air rifles, the Signaller must:
    •    Tell Operations Control, and
    •    Summon BT Police to attend, and
    •    Stop the first train that is to pass through the area concerned, on any line, and
    •    Tell the Driver what has happened, ask him to proceed normally and having passed the area concerned report
         back whether or not there was any stone throwing / shooting. (The train must not be cautioned).
    2.   The Signaller must tell any other Signallers affected and, as necessary, ask them to stop and tell Drivers in
         accordance with this procedure, or to relay any message received from the Driver of a train that has passed
         through the affected area.
    3.   The Signaller must also stop and tell the Driver (as in 1. above) of each train that requires to pass the area
         concerned, on any line, before the Driver of the first train reports back.
    4.   If the Driver of the first train reports that his train was also stoned / shot at, the Signaller must tell Drivers of
         subsequent trains as in 1. above.
    5.   If no further report is received about stone throwing / shooting from the Driver of any train dealt with as above,
         The Signaller must inform Operations Control and resume normal working.
                                                                                    Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                      76B
