                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




       Regulation 13.2.4 Additional protection
       When told by a driver that is necessary to allow trains to travel in the opposite direction, the user must go to the LOD (P)
       concerned, contact the signaller and restore the equipment to normal / traffic operation as soon as possible.
       Disconnecting signalling equipment - Use of lineside lockout device
       The lineside lockout devices between Heathrow Tunnel Junction and Heathrow Terminal 4 and 5 may be used to block the
       line as shown in Regulation 13.2.4. See local instructions in this Appendix.
       Getting the token
       Provided the work has been pre-planned, and also for T3 possessions, the token or train staff and a copy of the ‘Record of
       Arrangements’ form may be left in a lockable cabinet outside the signal box at the following locations:
         • St. Blazey (Newquay branch)
         • Goonbarrow Junction (Newquay branch)
         • St. Erth (St. Ives branch)
       Reversibly signalled lines – Patroller’s Protection Devices
       Where Patrollers’s Protection Devices are provided in sections of line defined as ‘reversible’ in Table A of this Appendix,
       provided the appropriate device has been operated it is only necessary to provide detonator protection in the normal
       direction.
       Duties of the COSS or SWL and person in charge when using a hand trolley – Rule Book Handbook 10
       In addition to the restrictions specified in the Rule, restrictions exist where there are axle counters. For locations
       concerned, see separate entry about axle counters within this module.
       Axle Counters – Engineers Possession Reminders
       EPR is authorised to be used as additional protection to protect line blockages in axle counter fitted areas (new type of
       axle counters only controlled by TVSC). The COSS/SWL/PC must reach a clear understanding with the signaller as to the
       exact limits of the line blockage. The signaller is responsible for identifying the track sections where EPR will be applied as
       additional protection to protect the work.
                                              Western Route GI - Dated: 07/01/2023




       April 2009                    38
