                                                             OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




The St Blazey Signaller must be advised when movements from the Through Siding have arrived in clear on the
locomotive or weighbridge sidings, unless the movement is under the control of the Person in Charge of St Blazey Yard.
A propelled movement towards the Main line must not be made past the handpoints at the St Blazey end of the Through
Siding until the exit signal is cleared.
BETWEEN ST BLAZEY AND PAR DOCK
Movements must be accompanied by two Shunters, one of whom must precede the train on foot during the propelling
movement to ensure that the line is clear of any obstruction and to warn any pedestrians, and the other must walk beside
the train in such a position that he can repeat any handsignal to the Driver exhibited by the Shunter preceding the train.
Before any movement is made over the level crossing adjacent to Wagon Repairs siding, the Person in Charge at Par
Dock must position himself at the crossing and exhibit a hand danger signal to road users in both directions.
The St Blazey Signaller must be advised when the movement has arrived in clear on Par Dock.
Par Bridge level crossing (TMO). This level crossing has gates operated by traincrew. The gates must be operated by the
shunter.
                                                                                                                Dated: 03/12/11

GW660 - PAR TO NEWQUAY
St. Blazey Jn

Working of HSTs or 2 x Voyager DMUs when booked to cross. If any Down train consisting of an HST, or two Class 220/
221 DMUs coupled together, is stopped or nearly stopped at St. Blazey Down Home signal (SB.40) before the signal
clears, the driver must be prepared to stop at a red handsignal displayed from St. Blazey signal box.
If a red handsignal is displayed, the driver must stop the train short of the foot crossing.
After the Up train has passed and a token has been given to the Down train’s driver, the St. Blazey signaller will display a
green handsignal as authority to proceed.
The above method of working may be necessary if an Up train of similar length is to be crossed but the Down train needs
to stand clear of pointwork at Par.
                                                                                                                Dated: 05/12/15

GW660 - PAR TO NEWQUAY
Quintrel Downs LC (ABCL)

The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8 apply at this crossing with the following
modifications:
The crossing is operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver’s plunger.
In the event of the crossing sequence not being initiated by the approach of the train or should the white light stop flashing
before the train reaches the crossing, the Driver must operate the plunger to activate the crossing. The plunger is located
in a locked cabinet (unlocked by a BR no. 1 key), as follows:
Down direction: approximately 20 yards on the approach side to the Drivers red/white flashing light post
Up direction: On Quintrel Downs platform adjacent to the Crossing STOP board.
When the white light is flashing the Driver may proceed as normal.
If after operation of the plunger the white light still does not flash the Driver must treat the crossing as failed.
                                                                                                                Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                     640
