                                                             OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1



Reversibly signalled lines - Patrolman’s Protection Devices
Where Patrolman’s Protection Devices are provided in sections of line defined as ‘reversible’ in Table A of this Appendix,
provided the appropriate device has been operated it is only necessary to provide detonator protection in the normal
direction.
Duties of the COSS or SWL person in charge when using a hand trolley – Rule Book Handbook 10
In addition to the restrictions specified in the Rule, restrictions exist where there are axle counters. For locations
concerned, see separate entry about axle counters within this module.
Axle Counters – Engineers Possession Reminders
EPR is authorised to be used as additional protection to protect line blockages in areas fitted with the new type of axle
counters currently controlled by:
TVSC, Didcot
Plymouth Panel
Lostwithiel
Roskear
In addition, to supplement protection arrangements when blocking the line, the signaller should utilise EPR to hold
signal(s) to danger, whether or not the work will affect the safety of the line. In this case, EPR does not have to be
published as part of the line blockage documentation. The application and removal of the EPR should be recorded on the
signaller’s line blockage form – NR3180 and as directed by local instructions.
The COSS/IWA/PC/SWL must reach a clear understanding with the signaller as to the exact limits of the line blockage.
The signaller is responsible for identifying the track sections where EPR will be applied to protect the work.
                                                                                    Western Route GI - Dated: 27/03/2021

Rule Book Module TS11 – Failure of, or work on,
signalling equipment – signaller’s regulations
Regulation 5.1 – Failure of signalling equipment – Immediate actions
Section 5.1 is modified in that Signallers must report all faults direct to the relevant Fault Control. If any faults are likely to
disrupt the passage of trains, Signallers must also tell Operations Control what has happened.
                                                                                      Western Route GI - Dated: 06/09/14

Rule Book Module TS11 - Failure of, or work on,
signalling equipment - signallers’ regulations
Regulation 15 – When a train or vehicle fails to operate track circuits – track circuit ‘high risk’ sites
during leaf season

The following locations have been identified as ‘high risk leaf fall sites’ with regard to the potential for track circuits failing
to operate during the passage of a train. Operations Control may require the controlling Signaller to apply special
instructions to protect trains/ vehicles when a high risk of failure is anticipated in these areas.
 Location                           Mileage                                           Line

 GW900 Pilning to Fishguard Harbour
 Carmarthen Bridge Jn to            246m 13ch to 258m 39ch                            Down
 Whitland
 Whitland to Sarnau LC              258m 30ch to 249m 60ch                            Up
                                                                                       Western Route GI - Dated: 05/03/16




April 2009                                                       39
