                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW430 - YATE MIDDLE JN TO TYTHERINGTON
       Yate Middle Jn To Yate West (Start of OT section)

       Yate Middle Jn to Yate West (Commencement of Staff Section)
       Incoming Line – arrival from Yate
       On arrival at Yate Middle Junction Stop board (BL2030), the ground staff/traincrew must ensure that the hand points are
       set correctly for movements that are reversing at Yate Middle, the traincrew should ensure that the facing point at Yate
       West is not set for their line.
       Working of trains longer than 63 SLU’s to Tytherington
       If a train arriving at Yate Middle is conveying more than 21 wagons and due to the available length between the level
       crossings on the line, it will be necessary to leave the rear portion at Yate, which will be suitably secured with handbrakes
       applied.
       The driver must be in possession of the train Staff when a movement is to will proceed beyond the Commencement of
       Staff Section board at Yate West.
       Outgoing Line – arrival from Tytherington
       On arrival from Tytherington at Yate West Up Stop board (End of Staff Section), the driver must contact the signaller to
       obtain permission to proceed to the Stop Board at Yate Middle Junction.
       The ground staff must ensure that the hand points are set correctly.
       The driver must telephone the signaller and get permission to pass the up direction stop board on either the Outgoing or
       Incoming lines at Yate Middle Junction
       Handling the train Staff (TS8 / 2.2)
       A train-staff (in the form of a metal token) is provided and when not in use is kept in the instrument at Yate West.
       The signaller must be told when the train-staff is withdrawn from or replaced in the instrument.
       The train Staff must not be passed from one train to another without being placed in the instrument first and then
       withdrawn again for the next train.
       The signaller must be told if “call Technician” is displayed in the train staff instrument – the train staff may still be used
       normally. If the train staff cannot be withdrawn from the instrument, working by pilotman as shown in module P2 Working
       single and bi-directional lines by pilotman, must be introduced.
                                                         Dated: 29/02/2020




       April 2009                   596
