                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW200 - DIDCOT TO HEYFORD
       OXFORD
       Oxford Station
       Working of Class 165/6 Network Turbo Units at Oxford Station.
       When a Class 165/6 Turbo Unit is positioned in the platform at Oxford and is required to couple to another 165/6 Turbo
         Unit, and BOTH the following conditions apply:-
       (a) the train is not provided with a Guard
         (b) passengers are aboard the unit
         the following instructions will apply.
       Preparation Of The First Train
         a. The "Person in Charge" of the platform must be in attendance prior to the arrival of the second train.
         b. When the second train is approaching, the "Person in Charge" must assist the Driver of the train already in the
            platform to close the doors.
         c. When the doors of the first unit are closed the Driver must remove the Driver's master key from the controls.
         d. The Driver must leave the cab and continue as diagrammed.
       Attaching incoming unit to Stationary Turbo
         e. The Driver of the incoming train must stop his/her train six feet from the stationary train.
         f. The trains must then be coupled in accordance with Rule Book, Module SS2, Sections 6 and 7.
       Release of Doors

         When the two units have coupled correctly the Driver may open the doors to allow passengers to detrain.

         NOTE:- If, after three attempts, coupling is unsuccessful then the passengers of the second train must be allowed to
         detrain before attempting to rectify the problem.
       Up Platform. Up locomotive hauled passenger trains must come to a stand with the locomotive clear of the platform
       awning at the South end.
       Down Oxford Sidings, Down Turnback Line and Down Oxford Engineering Sidings
       The Signaller is responsible for movements to and from these sidings.
       The sidings consist of Down Oxford Siding 1, Down Oxford Siding 2, Down Oxford Siding 3 and the Down Oxford
       Headshunt. The Down Oxford Engineering Sidings are accessed via the Down Oxford Headshunt.
       The Down Oxford Turnback Line is situated between Down Oxford Siding 2 and the Down Oxford Relief.
       There are two access points to the Down Oxford Sidings, with the connection furthest north providing access to the Down
       Oxford Turnback Line and Down Oxford Siding 2 only. The connection nearest the station provides access to Down
       Oxford Siding 1, Down Oxford Siding 2 (via Down Oxford Siding 1), Down Oxford Siding 3 and access to three Down
       Oxford Engineering Sidings via Down Oxford Headshunt.
       Down Oxford Sidings 2, 3 and Down Oxford Headshunt have red buffer stop lights fitted. Down Oxford Turnback Line has
       white lights fitted to buffer stop.
       If the Driver of a train signalled into the Down Oxford Turnback line is remaining with the train, they must stop the train at
       the relevant stop car marker.
       If the Driver of a train signalled into the Down Oxford Turnback line is leaving the train unattended, they must stop the train
       at the buffer stops. The signaller must then be contacted by the Driver in order to authorise the train to approach OD.2372
       once the train is ready to depart.
       The Driver of a train requiring to enter the Down Oxford Engineering Sidings from the Down Oxford Headshunt must
       ensure that the hand points are set correctly and the siding concerned is clear for the train to enter.
       Providing the Down Oxford Siding 2, Down Oxford Siding 3 are not occupied, trains should continue to the far end
       stopping 5 metres from the buffer stops. After changing ends or joining the train, the driver must contact the signaller and
       no movement back towards the exit signal is permitted unless authorised by the signaller.
       The following train standage is provided in the Down Oxford Sidings and Turnback Line after allowing for standing back
       from buffer stop and the exit signal
       Turnback Line - 264 metres
       Down Siding 1 - 185 metres




       April 2009                   578
