                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
PENZANCE

Long Rock depot, Penzance, is not regarded as a Maintenance Depot for the purpose of Clause 15.5(c) of the Class
253/254 Working Instructions.
Wrong Direction Movements. An engineering train from a possession of the Up Main line between Penzance and St Erth
may proceed to the Long Rock Reception siding.
The movement from the possession must not be commenced until the permission of the Signaller has been obtained by
the PICOP for the train to proceed to the Reception siding.
The train must be brought to a stand on the Up Main line clear of the Down Main to Single line trailing points and must not
proceed until the Person in Charge of the movement has satisfied him/herself that these points are set correctly.
Long Rock Depot. The Driver of an HST being berthed on No.2 or No.3 siding must bring it to a stand with the centre of
the cab side window in line with the yellow marker post, which is provided between these sidings, to enable the shore
supply to be connected.
The Person in Charge (PiC) of the Depot must advise the Signaller at Penzance each time that they book on and off duty
and confirm the status of the Reception Line and Old Bank Road.
The Carriage Reception line between signal PZ.19 and the first handpoint towards the Depot must be left clear of all
vehicles when the PiC is not on duty.
Reception Line (East end) between Long Rock and Ponsandane Yard "Stop" board. When a Down train has arrived on
the Reception line at Long Rock the Guard (or Driver in the case of a light locomotive) must advise the Signaller whether
or not the train is complete with tail lamp.
A double-sided "Stop" board is provided at the Depot end of the Reception line. No movement for the Yard or Depot must
pass the "Stop" board without the permission of the Person in Charge of the Yard. No movement from the Yard or Depot
must pass the "Stop" board without the permission of the Signaller.
Reception Line (West end) between Penzance Station and Long Rock Fuel Point ("Stop" board).
No movements towards the Yard or Depot must pass the “Stop” boards without the permission of the PiC of the Yard. The
PiC of the Yard must obtain the Signallers permission before authorising any movement from the Yard or Depot onto the
Carriage Reception or Old Bank Road lines towards signals PZ.15 or PZ.19. Vehicles must not be stabled on the Old
Bank Road line without the Signallers permission.
Movements on the Reception line and the Old bank Road must convey a tail lamp on the rearmost vehicle.
Propelling movements are permitted between Penzance Station and Long Rock Depot and vice versa. Movements must
be controlled by a Shunter by the use of hand held radios in accordance with Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 5.2 (b).
The Shunter must ride in the leading vehicle and the maximum speed must not exceed 5 mph.
The coupling or uncoupling of coaching stock vehicles on the Reception line is prohibited and such work must be carried
out on the (Old Bank?).
When a locomotive is to be attached to or detached from coaching stock standing on the Reception line the person
carrying out the work must work from the land side of the vehicles.
HST Depot line. Rail movements must not enter the depot building unless the position light signal outside the depot has
been cleared. Additionally, no rail movement is allowed into, from or within the depot building until the Status Indicator
Lamps show green.
There is no requirement for drivers to sound the horn before entering the shed at this location. Drivers should still stop the
movement at the entrance and proceed only when they have checked it is safe to do so.
Fuel line and No. 4 line. Movements must not pass the "Stop" boards applicable to these lines without the permission of
the Person in Charge of the yard.
Reduction of noise from HSTs. The following instructions apply to HSTs at Penzance station:-
•   If the train is to stand at a platform for more than ten minutes both engines to be shut down and the heating/air
    conditioning switch turned to auxiliary position.
•   When this has been done, both engines must be restarted and the heating/air conditioning restored ten minutes
    before the scheduled departure time.
•   If the Ponsandane end power car fails, the stop block end power car may be started to move the train, but the train
    must be driven clear of the overall roof as soon as possible.
•   In extremely cold weather, one engine may be kept running for cab heating purposes.




April 2009                                                   568
