                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW317 - HONEYBOURNE TO LONG MARSTON
       HONEYBOURNE AND Long Marston GF

       Principles of Operation - General
       The line from Honeybourne to Long Marston is signalled under ‘One Train Working’ regulations.
       The train staff is located at Honeybourne and issued under the authority of the Signaller at Evesham. The normal
       direction of traffic is for trains to travel from Honeybourne to Long Marston and return.
       Once the train staff has been issued, the train must proceed towards the opposite end of the single line. Trains may only
       return to the place where they entered the single line with authority from the Evesham Signaller.
       The train staff may be issued for protection purposes under line blockage and T3 possession regulations.
       Honeybourne. Trains to or from Honeybourne Up Yard or the Long Marston branch that are required to reverse on the
       main lines must be capable of being driven from both ends. If this is not possible, a locomotive must be provided at either
       end and propelling is not permitted.
       Long Marston branch. A train staff is provided and is kept in a locked staff hut at Honeybourne. The Train Operating
       Company Person in Charge (PiC) must obtain permission from the signaller at Evesham to obtain and return the train
       staff.
       A ‘Start of staff section’ board, applicable to trains for the Long Marston direction and an ‘End of staff section’ board,
       applicable to trains from the Long Marston direction are provided at Honeybourne at 101m 43ch.
       The train staff must be obtained for any movement beyond the ‘Start of staff section’ board.
       Trains from the Long Marston direction must be stopped at the ‘End of staff section’ board, and the train staff returned to
       the hut which must then be locked. The PiC must obtain permission from the signaller at Evesham to pass this board and
       proceed towards position light signal E2443.
       Long Marston. The PiC must advise the signaller at Evesham using the direct telephone line when a train has arrived
       clear of the single line complete with tail lamp at Long Marston. The PiC must also obtain permission from the signaller
       using the direct telephone line to enter the single line section and return towards Honeybourne.
       Trains may enter the single line at Long Marston without having travelled from Honeybourne provided the train staff has
       either travelled by a train from Honeybourne and is present or has been transport by road with the permission of the
       Evesham Signaller.
       Ground frame and MOD Sidings. The normal position of the ground frame points is for movements along the sidings. The
       key to the ground frame is the Annett's key fixed at one end of the train staff.
       The PiC must ensure that the points are secured in the normal position after use. No movement must pass the ‘STOP’
       board at the ground frame applicable to trains from the Honeybourne direction, neither must the ground frame points be
       released until the PiC has :
         • opened the terminal gate, and
         • checked that no other conflicting movements are taking place.
       Movements within the depot will be made under the supervision of the depot staff.
       Transfer of train staff by road
       If a train is required to enter the single line at Long Marston the train staff may be issued by the Evesham Signaller for
       transfer by road. The Signaller will require details of:
           • Person who will be responsible for the token
           • Employer
           • Mobile phone contact number
           • Estimated length of time train staff will be in transit
       Upon arrival at Long Marston contact must be made immediately with the Evesham Signaller confirming the location of the
       train staff.
       Trains departing Long Marston will follow the relevant instructions above.
                                                           Dated: 12/12/20




       April 2009                   588
