                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
PADDINGTON

Reduction of noise/smoke emission of HSTs. On arrival at Paddington, HSTs must be brought to a stand with the driving
cab opposite the yellow platform marker, except in platform 8 where an additional red marker is provided:-
         Platform 8 - red marker 122 feet from buffer stop.
Where necessary, the train must be coupled to the shore supply and both engines must be shut down until ten minutes
before departure time.
If the shore supply is not used, the engine at the country end must be left running, the engine stop block end must be shut
down and re-started ten minutes before departure time.
Movements into and out of Paddington. All staff must note that the signals giving access to and exit from platforms at
Paddington are equipped with indicators facing the Driver. These indicators will show the platform number only for
incoming services and the line number only for departing services. There are no indicators to show this information on the
back of these signals.
In addition, it should be noted that most platforms are provided with alternative incoming and outgoing routes to the line or
platform indicated. These routes are of the same speed and the choice of route selected will not therefore be indicated.
Starting of trains. The TRS and RA plungers must not be used by traincrews; they must only be operated by the Person in
Charge of the platform.
Stabling of locomotives in Station. When it is necessary for a locomotive to be made "dead", the Driver must advise the
Signaller concerned.
When the locomotive is ready for movement, the Driver must, before the locomotive is moved, obtain permission from the
Signaller for the movement.
Stopping of locomotive-hauled trains. Yellow lines are provided on each platform and Drivers must bring their trains to a
stand with the driving cab opposite the appropriate yellow line.
Working of HSTs into Nos. 6 and 7 Platform lines. Due to extended platform gaps, suitable on-train announcements
should be made to passengers alighting at these platforms. Extra platform staff will be provided.
Windscreen cleaning of traction units. Windscreen cleaning of traction units in any electrified platform line is prohibited
unless carried out by specially trained staff using the special equipment provided.
Shunting movements into and out of Platforms. Before moving, Drivers must come to a clear understanding with the
Signaller about what is required and, after departure from a platform, must not normally proceed further than is necessary
to clear the signal controlling the return movement into the station. If it is necessary to proceed beyond this point the Driver
must not set back without the authority of the Signaller.
No movement must be made to the Bristol end of a platform already occupied by an HST.
No light locomotive movement must be made to and from the Bristol end of any other occupied platform if the train
standing in that platform is complete and scheduled to depart within five minutes. If such a move is essential it must not be
made until the Platform Supervisor has suitably instructed the Driver and Guard of the train in the platform and advised the
Signaller that he has done so.
Water Tanking of GWR Services formed of Class 253/4 (HST) stock at London Paddington. Whilst water tanking of GWR
HST trains is taking place, a modified “Not to be Moved” board will be used to ensure that train dispatch procedures are
not commenced whilst watering of stock is being carried out. Guards and Train Dispatch Staff must understand that no
attempt must be made to dispatch the train with the board in position.
The “Not to be Moved” board displays the legend "Tanking in Progress" and will be attached to the trailer vehicle nearest
to the buffer stops when water tanking is in progress.
Drivers may mobilise GWR HST's at Paddington with the board in position, provided it is positioned as shown above, and
displays the legend "Tanking in Progress". These boards must not be used for any other purpose. Any staff undertaking
maintenance or repair work on the train must use a conventional “Not to be Moved” board placed on the rear Powercar so
it is clearly visible to a Driver mobilising the train.
Working of DMU trains into No.14 Platform line. Drivers of DMU trains running into this platform line must draw their trains
up to the yellow platform markers just before the stop block.
Permissive Working When signalled permissively into Paddington station trains must not exceed a maximum speed of
10mph at the Reading end of the platform.
Platform 4 and 5 The sharing of platforms 4 and 5 by 2 5 car IET/800 trains is prohibited as the rear of the second train will
be outside the platform starting signal
                                                                                                          Dated: 13/02/2021




April 2009                                                    537
