                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


       GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
       SWINDON

       Nos. 1 and 3 Platform lines - terminating Up and Down trains.
       When it is necessary for two trains to be terminated in the same platform, the driver of the train to enter the unoccupied
       platform will be instructed by the signaller to proceed on clearance of the signal and be prepared to bring the train to a
       stand at a red handsignal exhibited by a handsignaller positioned on the platform.
       A second train is permitted to enter the platform from the opposite direction in accordance with Rule Book, Module TW1,
       Section 20.
       The driver of a train which has been brought to a stand in the platform must make no further movement unless authorised
       to do so by the person in charge of the platform, or the appropriate platform starting signal has been cleared for the train to
       proceed.
       Swindon Up Yard – Method of Working / Operational Instructions.
       Swindon Up Yard consists of Cocklebury Sidings 1, 2, 3 and 4, the Cocklebury Through Sidings, the Up Swindon
       Reception, Cocklebury East Loop, the Cripple Sidings, the Highworth Branch and Hawksworth Steel Terminal.
       The Person in Charge (PiC) will be known as the Swindon Up Yard PiC, and will be 24/7.
       No movements may take place without the authority of the PiC. Any persons wishing to work on the infrastructure within
       Swindon Up Yard must inform the PiC before work can commence.
       Before a line blockage or a T3 possession can be taken of the Up Swindon Reception, the TVSC Swindon Signaller must
       confirm with the PiC that there are no trains stabled within the Up Swindon Reception, and confirm that no further
       movements will be made within the Up Swindon Reception until the TVSC Swindon Signaller advises the PiC that the line
       blockage has been cancelled.
       Before a BTET can be imposed on Swindon Up Yard, the TVSC Swindon Signaller will contact the PiC, and when
       requested, the PiC must confirm with the TVSC Swindon signaller that all pantographs are in the lowered position.
       No train movements may be authorised by the PiC unless they have walked the route to ensure points are secured in the
       correct position.
       An up direction ‘rear clear’ marker board has been provided with 260m clearance on the Up Swindon Reception line,
       enabling trains equivalent to a 10 car IET or 12 car EMU to be accommodated in clear behind signal SW6521. Drivers of
       such trains must not proceed beyond the ‘rear clear’ marker board and must check the position of the hand points,
       especially when making a reversing movement.
       Should there be a requirement for ECS movements to be stabled here, in either planned or emergency situations, the
       signaller must request acceptance from the PiC.
       All movements within Swindon Up Yard must have authority from the PiC before passing stop boards.
       Swindon Up Yard Closure
       If the 24/7 PiC is to be uncovered, they must contact the TVSC Swindon Signaller and their control, and confirm Swindon
       Up Yard is closed until a new PiC takes duty. The hand points on the Up Swindon Reception line must be left set for
       through movements, and the PiC must confirm with the TVSC Swindon Signaller if the line is clear before the PiC leaves
       duty.
       Should there be no PiC on duty, or should unforeseen significant operational circumstances require Swindon Up Yard to
       close, NR, TOC and FOC control must consult with each other to ensure the train plan is amended.
       Should there be a requirement to outstable any ECS units, this must be arranged via NR and TOC control and all ECS
       units will be held behind SB951 on the Up Relief at Didcot until further instruction is received from control by the TVSC
       Swindon Signaller.
       No ECS moves may depart from Swindon Up Yard until a new PiC has taken duty.
       Should short term stabling of ECS be required on the Up Swindon Reception line with no PiC on duty, providing the PiC
       leaving duty has confirmed that the Up Reception is clear and the route correctly set up to the ‘rear clear’ marker, the
       signaller may make this move under their own authority.
       For freight only: if there is no PiC on duty, with the agreement of NR and FOC control, the driver may take PiC
       responsibility of the yard in order to stable or exit their train. They will not take responsibility for any other vehicles wishing
       to enter, leave or move within Swindon Up Yard.


       Highworth Branch
       The PiC will delegate responsibility to a freight representative for the Highworth Branch.




       April 2009                   552
