                                                           OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
South Marston – Euro Terminal

The Person in Charge (PiC) at the Euro Terminal must request permission from the signaller to make any
movement from the Terminal Sidings towards departure signal SW1308. If a shunting movement needs to
proceed beyond Signal SW1308, the PiC must request the signaller to first clear the signal. If the movement
cannot then return fully in rear of, and reverse behind signal SW1308, the Driver must contact the signaller
again from SW1306 at South Marston.

The maximum length available between arrival STOP board SW1307 and clear of the Up Main line is 44
SLU’s, equal to 930 feet. This length limit includes one locomotive. Trains in excess of this length must be
suitably regulated before reaching South Marston until

    •    A PiC is confirmed to be on duty at the Euro terminal, and
    •    The PiC has confirmed that they are in a position to accept the train into the Terminal

Arrival STOP board SW1307 is equipped with a white light indicator operated by the P-i-C at the Euro
Terminal. Drivers must not pass this STOP board until either the white light is illuminated or they are verbally
instructed to proceed.

The stabling of trains or vehicles on the South Marston Goods Line between signal SW1306 and STOP board
SW1307 is prohibited.
                                                                                          Dated: 23/11/15


GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
Highworth Branch

Swindon Up Yard to Highworth Branch
This line is under the control of the Person in Charge of the train movement concerned.
Stratton level crossing (TMO). This level crossing has gates operated by traincrew. The crossing gates must be operated
by the shunter or other person appointed for this duty.
Rover Group Sidings. Main line locomotives must not pass the "Stop" boards situated near the gates at the entrance to
the Firm's sidings.
                                                                                                         Dated: 23/11/15

GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
Swindon Down Yard

Method of Working
The driver of any movement to, from or within the Yard must make sure that all hand points are correctly set for the
movement.
The driver of any movement due to depart the Yard must contact the Signaller and must identify the train and which signal
the train is to depart from.
When the train is at the signal ready for departure, the driver must inform the signaller.
                                                                                                         Dated: 01/12/18




April 2009                                                   551
