                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


       GW500 - READING TO COGLOAD JN VIA WESTBURY & FROME A/LS
       THEALE

       Theale station. Temporary platform 3 is situated on the upside of Theale Goods Loop adjacent to Up Westbury line
       platform 1. Provided details appear in the Weekly Operating Notice, the signaller is authorised to signal passenger trains
       towards the platform in either direction.
       Theale Goods Loop. Provided details appear in train advice notices and on the TRUST system, the signaller is authorised
       to signal certain passenger trains to signal T2828 at the London end of this loop.
       This includes steam hauled special trains where the locomotive is required to take water. Drivers must advise the
       signaller when such trains have come to a stand in the required position and again when trains are ready to depart.
       Theale Yard. This area comprises Theale Nos. 1 and 2 Reception lines and all sidings leading from these lines. The
       following instructions make reference to staff that have been given the titles and responsibilities listed below :
       • Signaller – the signaller at the Newbury workstation at the Thames Valley Signalling Centre at Didcot. This person is
         in charge of all movements in the area and for movements on both reception lines at Theale and for authorising all
         movements to, along of from these lines.
       • Theale Yard Person-in-Charge (PiC) – the first Freight Operating Company shunter or member of ground staff to take
         duty at Theale Yard must take the role of PiC and must advise the signaller of their name and contact telephone
         number. This person is then responsible for coordinating all train movements within Theale Yard and for liaising with
         the signaller
       • Shunter – the Freight Operating Company (FOC) shunter or member of ground staff working under the direction of the
         PiC undertaking particular tasks within Theale Yard area
       • Firms Representative – the person working within the private sidings responsible for positioning wagons for
         unloading/loading and working under the direction of the PiC or shunter.
       A PiC disc display system is in operation and is located at Theale cabin. The discs display the name of the FOC whose
       PiC is in charge at any one time.
       When the disc is in the absent position, the first PiC to arrive must move the disc into the correct position for the company
       concerned and this person will then be in charge of all movements at Theale. If a second or subsequent PiC arrives,
       permission must be obtained from the PiC already on duty (as displayed on the disc system) before any further movement
       takes place.
       If there is a change of PiC, staff must come to a complete understanding of all movements required on site before taking
       over the role of PiC. The disc display system must be adjusted accordingly and the signaller advised the new PiC name
       and contact telephone number.
       Where the following instructions refer to the PiC, specific activities may be delegated to other shunting staff working under
       the authority of the PiC. A clear understanding must be reached when this is the case. The PiC must undertake all liaison
       with the signaller.
       Theale Reception Sidings Ground Control Panel. This electrically operated ground control panel must be operated in
       accordance with the instructions exhibited at the control panel.
       The ground control panel controls two crossovers and one single ended connection as follows :
       • Double ended crossovers points 1A and 1B (release 8834) and points 3A and 3B (release 8830) between Theale No.
         1 and No. 2 Reception lines
       • Single ended connection points 2 (release 8831) between Theale No. 2 Reception line and the Aggregate Terminal
         (ARC or Hanson’s Stone Sidings).
       The panel should be read in columns. The two left hand sets of buttons control points 8834, the middle sets control points
       8831 and the right hand sets control points 8830. The slot buttons must be pressed after the PiC has selected and moved
       the appropriate points so that the signaller can clear the relevant signals.
       The PiC must :
       • request the signaller to provide the relevant release. The whole panel cannot be released and the PiC must request
         whichever points are required for the intended movement
       • press the ‘free’ button for the points that have been released. The backlight will illuminate for the appropriate points
         and indicate whether they are in the normal or reverse position
       • press the normal or reverse button as required for the appropriate points
       • press the ‘off’ slot button as necessary to allow the signaller to clear the relevant signals.


         The PiC must visually check that the route is set and the correct signal has been
                      cleared before each movement takes place.
       If one of the push buttons fails to become illuminated, the PiC must advise the signaller. If the 'N' or 'R' push button fails to
       become illuminated, no movement must be made over the points until they have been secured or the button becomes
       illuminated.
       The phone number for the ground control panel is 078 2799.



       April 2009                   608
