                                   OFFICIAL


       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




       TELEPHONE CALLS REQUESTING THE CIVIL
       EMERGENCY SERVICES
       DIAL 111 or 999 IN EMERGENCY

       Should you need to call the Civil Emergency Services to attend to any incident on the railway, you must adopt the
       procedure shown below.


       1.If you are using a Railway Network (ETD) telephone

         DIAL 1 1 1 or 9 9 9 (As displayed on the telephone)

         This method of summoning the Civil Emergency Services should always be used when available. The railway
         exchange operator will answer your call and will connect you with the Emergency Service responsible for the location
         concerned.

         You must state:- Who you are, the full number of the telephone you are using, location of the incident and which
         Emergency Service(s) you require.
       If you are using a mobile telephone or BT fixed telephone

         Dial 9 9 9 - This will connect you to the BT operator and you should summon the Emergency Service required in the
         normal way.
       If you are using fixed cab radio equipment
       USE THE EMERGENCY BUTTON
       The use of the Emergency Button on CSR or GSM-R radios will connect to the signaller. Either Operations Control or the
       signaller will call the Emergency Services on your behalf.

       If using a Signal Post Telephone

         Ensure that the Signaller clearly understands your message - describe clearly the location of the incident and any
         guidance you can give on a point of access. The Signaller will be responsible for calling the Emergency Services as
         shown above.
       General

         The Operator normally allocates the correct Emergency Service area required by matching the telephone number of
         the incoming call and/or the location of the incident to a computer database. Therefore, whenever you summon the
         Emergency Services you must take great care to specify the railway location of the emergency especially if you
         are not calling from the scene.


       NOTE: Once through to the Emergency Service, speak clearly and state the nature and scale of the emergency.
       Describe access points, street name or other distinguishing feature. Avoid using railway terms or jargon. Arrange to have
       personnel met and escorted when they enter railway property.
                                               Western Route GI - Dated: 07/05/16




       April 2009                    81
