                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW660 - PAR TO NEWQUAY
       St. Blazey Yard

       ST. BLAZEY YARD
       Depot protection arrangements.
       WEIGHBRIDGE ROAD.
       All movements over the Weighbridge MUST NOT exceed 3 m.p.h.
       The Weighbridge bypass track must be used for all movements except when actually carrying out the weighing of
       vehicles.
       All Movements must be made only under the authority of the Rail Operator in charge of the yard. Drivers and
       engineering staff authorised to drive must contact this person and reach a clear understanding before any movement
       commences.
       ENGINEERING STAFF AUTHORISED TO DRIVE
       Within the Depot:-
       Engineering staff authorised to drive must only make a movement under the control of the designated person ‘D.P.’ and
       must not pass the stop boards situated at the St. Blazey and Par Harbour ends of the maintenance depot.
       Fuel Road and Ash Road:-
       All movements over the Fuel Road and Ash Road MUST NOT be made without the authority of the rail operator in charge
       of the yard.
       Engineering staff must not drive past the “Depot Limits” boards situated each end of the Fuel Road and Ash Road.
       Staff working on traction must, within Depot Limits, at all times set up protection as laid down in the Depot Protection
       Procedure.
       ST. BLAZEY MAINTENANCE DEPOT
       Depot protection arrangements.
       All movements over the Turntable and through the Wagon Shop, MUST NOT exceed 2 m.p.h.
       DURING WORKING HOURS OF ENGINEERING STAFF.
       The hand points controlling entry to the Maintenance Depot, at the St. Blazey and Par Harbour ends of No.2 Road, must
       be clipped and padlocked and the keys held by the Designated Person (who is identified by wearing an armband with the
       initials ‘DP’ on it). The Stop boards placed at each end of the Depot are in the raised position.
       Prior to any movement towards the Maintenance Depot, the Designated Person must be advised to unlock the appropriate
       points for that movement, and ensure that the Stop boards are lowered.
       The “Stop and Await Instructions” Board, situated at either end of the Maintenance Depot, must not be passed without the
       authority of the Designated Person ‘D.P.’, and no movements into or out of the Depot must take place until the Designated
       Person ‘D.P.’ has activated the warning signs and lights.
       No.3 Road. With the exception of Class 08/09 locomotives, no Traction Units may be driven into the building on this road.
       The Class 08/09 locomotives can only be used on this road for movements from the St. Blazey end of the depot, and must
       not pass the “Locomotives may not be driven beyond this point” Board situated at the entrance to the Wagon Inspection
       Gantry. Should any traction unit be required to be placed within the Wagon Inspection Gantry this may only be done from
       the St. Blazey end of the depot by a propelling movement with the Class 08/09 locomotive, ensuring that no shunting staff
       are on board during the movement.
       BETWEEN ST BLAZEY AND PAR BRIDGE
       Working of Through Siding. The Through Siding between St Blazey and Par Bridge is under the control of the Person in
       Charge at St Blazey Yard when on duty. At other times (which are indicated locally), the line is under the control of the St
       Blazey Signaller.
       When, however, the Person in Charge accompanies a movement to Par Dock, he may on arrival there authorise the St
       Blazey Signaller to permit a movement onto the Through Siding.
       No movement must pass the "Stop" lamp on the Par Dock side of Par Bridge level crossing applicable to movements from
       Par Dock without the permission of the St Blazey Signaller.
       No movement must pass the "Stop" lamp on the Par Bridge end of the locomotive sidings applicable to movements from
       those sidings without the permission of the Person in Charge of the Through Siding.




       April 2009                   639
