                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
       PADDINGTON NEW YARD

       Paddington New Yard is a rail siding for the delivery of aggregates material to Tarmac.

       The person in charge of all rail movements is the FOC member of ground staff (PiC).
       All movements will be controlled by the use of back to back shunting radios. The PiC will issue the driver with a handset
       which will be tested before any further communications via radio are made.
       3.1 Train Arrival
       The PIC must check that the RRAP closest to the entrance of the yard (west end) is clear and no further movement will be
       made over it before contacting TVSC Paddington workstation, to inform the signaller that they are on site.
       The PIC must check that all hand points are correctly set.
       The PIC must meet the train at the west end RRAP on arrival ensuring the whole train is clear of 8049 points, give the
       driver a radio and perform a satisfactory radio test before giving authority to continue over the RRAP to the Hopper house.
       All train movements will come to a stand prior to the discharge area.
       Once permission is gained from the Tarmac PiC, the locomotive may enter the discharge area and stop, positioning the
       wagon over the ‘discharge pit’.
       3.2 Shunting
       Permission must be gained for the service to enter the discharge area. The PiC will control the movements for the
       discharge of the train being aware to check the east end RRAP before giving the driver authority to pass over it.
       It is envisaged that the train will need to be split during discharge to facilitate the delivery of the complete train.
       Discharged wagons are to be split and propelled secured and remaining wagons discharged.
       Once all wagons are discharge the train is to be reformed on No.1 road and the locomotive run rounds via no 2
       (Discharge) road in order to reform the train.
       All hand points must be set for the required direction of travel.
       3.3 Freight Interchange Activity
       The FOC PiC must make sure that whilst unloading the train that he takes instruction from the Tarmac supervisor on
       stopping each move to unload and starting the move for the next loaded wagon.
       3.4 Train Preparation
       The FOC PiC will make sure all doors are fully closed after each wagon has been off loaded.
       All train preparation and TOPS paperwork must be completed before contacting the TVSC to depart the train.
       3.5 Train Departure
       When the train is reformed and train preparation is complete the PIC, after setting the points and checking the RRAP is
       clear, will give the driver permission to proceed to the exit signal SN93. The PiC will inform TVSC that the train is ready to
       depart.
       Once departed, the PiC will confirm with TVSC that the sidings are clear of FOC train movements.
       3.6 Protection Arrangements
       There are no facilities on site to leave cripple wagons, all wagons must be removed to a suitable location.
       In the event that wagons are not in a safe condition to enter the network they must be left clear of all point work and in
       such a place that will not impact on the delivery of services to Tarmac.
                                                         Dated: 24/10/2020




       April 2009                   537A
