                                                           OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




REVERSIBLY SIGNALLED LINES (as published in Table
‘A’)
Track workers going on or near a reversibly signalled line must be aware that trains can approach in either direction on
any line at any time.


Notice of reversible working
If reversible working is likely to go on for a long time and it has not been published in the Weekly Operating Notice,
Operations Control must issue a suitable notice to affected train operators controls and others concerned. Train operators’
controls must arrange for drivers to be advised.


Signalling equipment failure
If there is a track circuit failure in the route concerned, the affected line(s) must be worked in one direction only until the
failure is rectified. If any movement is to be made in the other direction, working by pilotman as shown in rule book module
P2 must be introduced.


Patrolman’s protection device
Lineside devices are provided as shown in Table ‘A’ of this appendix and must only be used by authorised users. When
operated, the device inhibits reverse direction signalling (but not the normal direction) between the crossovers concerned.
The authorised user must get the signaller’s permission before turning the switch to either position.


Provided that the appropriate device has been operated and is working, it is only necessary for detonator protection to be
provided to protect the normal direction when blocking a line as shown in Handbook 8, section 2 – Blocking a line


REVERSIBLY SIGNALLED LINES BETWEEN;
• FOXHALL JUNCTION AND NORTH SOMERSET JUNCTION
•WOOTTON BASSETT JUNCTION AND CHIPPING SODBURY.
•APPLEFORD JUNCTION AND KENNINGTON JUNCTION OVER UP AND DOWN OXFORD LINES
Reversible working may be introduced on sections of line between the locations shown above at any time for traffic
purposes or during engineering work, train failure, infrastructure failure or damage or obstruction of the line.


Drivers and others concerned must be aware that reversible working can be introduced on any line at any time without
advance warning being provided.


When used for traffic purposes, trains concerned will normally be worked in the same direction. For example, during
disruption, a freight train could be signalled reversibly to allow an express passenger train to overtake in the normal
direction.


If it is necessary for both lines to be worked in the wrong direction simultaneously (i.e. down trains signalled on the up line
and up trains signalled on the down line), drivers affected will be told about the circumstances before entering the section
concerned.
                                                                                    Western Route GI - Dated: 13/05/19




April 2009                                                     77
