                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



         (iv) Extent the operating handle and pump to raise the barrier.
             NOTE: Take care to ensure that when raising the barriers, the barrier counterweight does not come
             into contact with the barrier operating key.
             Once fully raised, close the rear barrier machine door. Once closed insert the Allen wrench into the socket
             and turn anti-clockwise to secure the door. Then turn the barrier operating key clockwise, past 12 o’clock to
             correctly engage the lock on the door. Once correctly locked the key can be turned back to the 12 o’clock
             position and withdrawn from the barrel.
         (v) Repeat the procedure for any other barriers which have failed to fully rise.
       Once all the barriers are in the fully raised position the red road lights should extinguish. Return the barrier operating key
       and Allen wrench to the token hut and advise signaller of the actions taken and the state of the crossing.
       6.  Crossing of Down and Up Trains
       In the event of a Down train being delayed at Eggesford station waiting the arrival of an Up train, and the crossing barriers
       have not risen after the passage of a Down train, that train must be drawn towards the "Start of Section" board in order to
       clear the crossing. If the barriers still do not rise, the Guard must raise them in accordance with Clause 5.
       The white light on the "Stop" board will only flash when the control unit at that board has been used. Should it be
       necessary to lower the barriers from a control unit other than that at the "Stop" board at which the train is standing, the
       Guard must authorise the train to proceed over the crossing when the white light is flashing
       The "BU" indicators may be ignored ONLY in the following circumstances.
       (i) When a Down train has crossed an Up train and has departed before the Up train.
       (ii)When the crew of a Down train, which has stopped in the station, have observed that the crossing barriers have
           fully risen behind the train before it departs.
       The Guard of an Up train must always wait until the barrier raising sequence has been fully completed after the passage of
       a down train before operating the control unit to lower them again.


                                                           Dated: 18/01/20
       GW606 - COWLEY BRIDGE JN TO BARNSTAPLE
       EGGESFORD (TEP) To BARNSTAPLE

       Failure of signalling equipment. When a train is to proceed to Barnstaple in accordance with clause 11.2.3 of the NSTR
       Regulations, the Modified Working Ticket card will give permission to proceed to Barnstaple and return to Eggesford. The
       card must be cancelled on arrival back at Eggesford according to the provisions of clause 11.2.3 (iii).
                                                         Dated: 19/05/2018


       GW606 - COWLEY BRIDGE JN TO BARNSTAPLE
       BARNSTAPLE GROUND FRAME

       Barnstaple ground frame is unlocked by the Eggesford to Barnstaple section token. If the ground frame is required to be
       operated for any reason, the driver or person in charge must obtain permission from the signaller at Crediton to obtain an
       Eggesford to Barnstaple token from the instrument located at Eggesford.
       Before the token is replaced at Eggesford, the driver or person in charge must contact the signaller at Crediton and give
       an assurance that the ground frame at Barnstaple has been restored to normal and no vehicles have been left on the
       single line.
                                                           Dated: 30/11/13




       April 2009                   623
