                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       Loading/unloading indicators FY1 to FY4. These indicators are provided on No.1 Reception line and may be used to
       facilitate discharge of Foster Yeoman stone trains in Aggregate Sidings Nos. 1 and 2. They will be inoperative at other
       times.
       The indicators are only operative when:
       • signal T6821 has been cleared for movements towards the Hopper House or along No.1 Reception line
       • signal T6818 has been cleared for movements from the sidings.

       Indicator FY4 is only operative when points 8827 at the Theale station end of the Reception lines are in the normal
       position (i.e. set for No.1 Reception line) and will only display a "Draw forward" indication when signal T6812 has been
       cleared.
       Indications displayed are as follows:-
                         W
           Draw Forward      W
                                  W
                                  W   )
           Set Back          W        )    Flashing
                         W            )    lights
           Stop          R   W    R

       If the indicators fail, the signaller must be advised in order that operations control may be informed. During the time of the
       failure, discharge must take place under the control of back-to-back radios or handsignals.
       Theale Yard stop boards. The PiC is responsible for authorising movements passed the following stop boards after first
       obtaining the signaller permission to do so :
       • down direction stop board on Theale No. 2 Reception line at 41m 53ch
       • up direction stop board at the exit from the Aggregate Terminal
       • up direction stop board at the exit from the Cement Sidings.
       Theale Yard Sidings. Before a train enters any siding the PiC must ascertain which sidings are occupied.
       If a train is already in the sidings and a second train arrives requiring to shunt into the sidings, no movement must be
       made until it has been ascertained from the PiC that shunting has been completed. If, however, further movements
       require to be made with the first train, the PiC must reach a clear understanding with any other person involved as to the
       order of movements.
       Theale Yard comprises the following areas described from the Reading end :
       Aggregate Terminal (also known as ARC or Hanson’s stone sidings) – Sidings accessed from No. 2 Reception line via
       Reception Sidings GF points 2 (release 8831) or from No. 1 Reception line via Reception Sidings GF points 3 (release
       8830) and 2 (release 8831).
       Movements to and from these sidings must not exceed 5 mph.
       Cement Sidings (also known as Hope Construction site) – Sidings accessed from No. 2 Reception line via Reception
       Sidings GF points 1A or from No. 1 Reception line via Reception Sidings GF points 3 (release 8830) and points 1A.
       Aggregate Sidings Nos. 1 and 2 (also known as the Foster Yeoman Sidings) – Sidings and hopper house accessed from
       Nos. 2 or 1 Reception lines via position light signal T6821 and signal box controlled points 8836.
       Trains will normally arrive on No.1 Reception line. The PiC is responsible for complying with the provisions of Rule Book,
       Module SS2 and for obtaining authority for the train to enter the sidings.
       The PiC must unlock and open the control panel cabin located at the entrance to the sidings and ensure back-to-back
       radios are issued before further movements commence.
       Movements to and from these sidings may also be controlled by loading/unloading indicators FY1 to FY4 which can be
       operated by the PiC from the control panel.
       The PiC must advise the signaller of all movements requiring to proceed to or from the sidings or along No.1 Reception
       line in order that the appropriate signal may be cleared.
       The PiC must remain at the control panel when movements are being made onto these sidings and operate the indicators
       under instructions from the hopper house operator. The discharge of wagons can be controlled by the indicators.
       Drivers must ensure that the speed of propelling movements towards Nos. 1 and 2 sidings is reduced to 1 mph on
       reaching indicator FY2.
       Treadle switches are provided on both sidings, approximately 100 feet from the stop blocks. When these treadles are
       activated by a movement, an audible and visual indication is automatically given at the control panel and the indicators
       automatically show "Stop


       April 2009                   608A
