                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW500 - READING TO COGLOAD JN VIA WESTBURY & FROME A/LS
       Somerton GF

       The ground frame Operator must obtain permission from the Signaller to operate the ground frame. When permission has
       been given he must press the "Free" button to release the ground frame. The 'N' and 'R' buttons may then be operated as
       required.
       If one of these buttons fails to become illuminated the Operator must advise the Signaller. If the 'N' or 'R' push button fails
       to become illuminated no movement must be made over the points until they have been secured or the button becomes
       illuminated.
       Before leaving the ground frame the Operator must press the "close" button and advise the Signaller.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06


       GW5001 - BEECHGROVE GF (INCL) TO WESTBURY SOUTH JN
       WARMINSTER

       Terminating Up trains. When, in connection with engineering work, passenger trains from Salisbury will be required to
       terminate and start back from the Up Platform at Warminster, the following process must apply
       Trains from Salisbury will be routed into Platform 1 at Warminster where they will terminate and the driver will confirm their
       arrival with the Westbury Signaller.
       Prior to departure, the driver must contact the Westbury signaller via GSM-R. The Signaller will reverse 865 points and
       clear Ground Position Signal W752 towards the Down Salisbury (signal W308). The Driver and Signaller must confirm the
       route is set and GPL is displaying a proceed aspect, prior to the train being dispatched.
                                                           Dated: 17/03/18

       GW5001 - BEECHGROVE GF (INCL) TO WESTBURY SOUTH JN
       Westbury South Jn To WARMINSTER

       Drivers of assisting locomotives must exercise care after passing the summit of Warminster incline. Trains must come to
       a stand at the board at the Salisbury end of Warminster Down Platform and after the assisting locomotive has been
       detached and the train has gone forward the assisting locomotive must proceed to the crossover points and the Driver
       obtain instructions from the Signaller by means of the telephone at signal W753.
       Assistance to Down freight trains. Assisting locomotives must be attached before trains leave Westbury Station or Yard
       areas. During fog or falling snow, the Guard of a train requiring assistance must conduct the assisting locomotive to the
       rear of the train.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       GW5001 - BEECHGROVE GF (INCL) TO WESTBURY SOUTH JN
       DILTON MARSH

       Only the following classes of train are permitted to call:
       150, 158, 159, 16x, 170

       The Guard must advise passengers requiring to alight at Dilton Marsh, to proceed to the leading door of the vehicle. On
       arrival of the train at the station, the Guard must operate this door only and must NOT release the other doors in the train.
                                                         Dated: 09/07/2022

       GW510 - WESTBURY NORTH JN TO BATHAMPTON JN
       Bradford Jn

       Rear clear markers are provided beside each line on the Trowbridge side of Bradford Junction. Drivers of HSTs requiring
       to reverse must bring their trains to a stand at the appropriate rear clear marker and change ends via the cess walkway.
                                                           Dated: 10/06/17




       April 2009                   611
