                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW454 - SEVERN BEACH TO NARROWAYS HILL JN
       SEVERN BEACH To St. Andrews Jn SB (SA) & LC (MCB)
       One train only working arrangements - The ‘One Train Working’ single line section for trains operating along the Main Line
       between St. Andrews Junction and Severn Beach commences beyond 138A points at Holesmouth Junction. Signals SA47
       and SA45 are the ‘protecting signals’ for the purposes of Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 32 instructions.
       It will be possible to signal trains between the Down and Up Avonmouth Dock Lines and Hallen Marsh Junction or the
       Avonmouth PBA sidings with a train already occupying the single line section to Severn Beach.
       For non-passenger trains signalled from between Hallen Marsh Junction and the Down and Up Branch lines the
       regulations for signalling trains by the Track Circuit Block system apply. Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 30 applies to
       the signalling of
       passenger trains on this route and special instructions must be implemented.
       SERC Ground frame at Severn Beach 12m 70ch – This electrically operated ground frame is located within the one train
       only section near Severn Beach and ‘shut-in’ facilities are provided. The ground frame provides access to the SERC
       Waste Disposal Terminal and is released by the signaller at St. Andrews Junction Signal Box.
       Up direction elevated position light signal SA627 is provided at the ground frame to control movements proceeding
       towards the sidings. The signal is normally ‘off’ for movements towards Severn Beach irrespective of whether there is a
       train in the section.
       Drivers of trains for the SERC Terminal must bring their trains to a stand at signal SA627 which will be displaying a
       proceed aspect with route indication ‘B’. Once the train concerned is at stand and occupying a local track circuit, the Train
       Operating Company Person in Charge (PiC) must telephone the signaller and obtain permission to operate the ground
       frame.
       When the signaller operates the ground frame release, signal SA627 will revert to danger and the 'free' button will
       illuminate at the ground frame. This button must be pressed and held in until the points 'normal’ and 'signals 3 and 4 on'
       buttons illuminate.
       The points may then be operated by pressing the points 'reverse' button and holding it in until it illuminates. The
       appropriate 'signal off' button must then be pressed until illuminated at which stage the appropriate signal will clear. In the
       case of SA627, the signal will re-clear and display route indication ‘SD’.
       The PiC must tell the signaller when an up train has arrived complete with tail lamp within the sidings and is clear of the
       running line. The 'train arrived' button must then be operated.
       When train movements are completed, the 'signals 3 and 4 on' button must be pressed and held in until illuminated. The
       points must then be operated to the normal position by pressing the points 'normal' button and holding it in until
       illuminated. The 'close' button must then be pushed and held in until the point and signal button indications are
       extinguished.
       The PiC must advise the signaller as soon as train movements are complete and the ground frame release can be
       returned to the normal position. In the case of down departing trains, the ground frame should be returned to the normal
       position as soon as possible after the train has left. The PiC must not leave the ground frame until an assurance has been
       received from the signaller that everything is in order.
       Vehicles must not be stabled on the Seven Beach single line. Vehicles must not normally be stabled on the internal run-
       round loop (sidings 1 or 2). If this is necessary in exceptional circumstances, the PiC must tell the signaller and the
       vehicles must be secured by hand brakes and wheel scotches to prevent movement.
                                                         Dated: 13/10/2018

       GW454 - SEVERN BEACH TO NARROWAYS HILL JN
       SEVERN BEACH To Narroways Hill Jn
       Restrictions apply to the operation of locomotives, hauled coaching stock and freight vehicles over this line of route and
       are shown in the route clearance tables of this appendix.
                                                         Dated: 04/04/2018

       GW480 - SWINDON TO STANDISH JN
       Ham Mill Crossing 100m 63ch
       If a train is required to return from DK101 signal over Ham Mill crossing, the driver must be cautioned and make sure that
       the crossing is clear before passing over it.
                                                           Dated: 28/09/19




       April 2009                   606
