                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW640 - LISKEARD TO LOOE VIA COOMBE
       LISKEARD To COOMBE

       Failure of train and assistance required. The instructions in Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 32 are amplified as follows:-
       The "No Signaller" token must be taken to Liskeard or Coombe ground frame, whichever is the nearer, when the following
       procedure must be adopted, when authorised by the Liskeard Signaller.
       If assistance is available at the ground frame to which the token has been taken, it must be utilised to operate the ground
       frame. After the assisting train has proceeded onto the Single line the ground frame must be replaced to the normal
       position and the token handed to the Driver who must be conducted to the disabled train.
       If assistance is not available at the ground frame to which the token has been taken it must be placed in the intermediate
       token instrument, if at Coombe, or the instrument on Platform 3 at Liskeard, or handed to the Signaller at Liskeard, to
       enable a token to be released for the operation of the ground frame at the other end of the section.
       When working by Pilotman is in operation, Section 2.6 of the instructions "Working Single and bi-directional Lines by
       Pilotman" in the Rule Book, Module P2 apply.
       Train reporting.
       The driver must contact the signaller and report the actual arrival time and expected departure time using the phone
       provided in the token hut on platform 3 when returning the token or when requesting a token release. If departure is
       delayed, the signaller must be advised of the actual departure time at the first opportunity.
       Looe

       The driver must contact the signaller on arrival and advise the actual arrival time and expected departure time of the train.
       If departure is delayed, the signaller must be advised of the actual departure time. In the event of a GSM-R system
       failure, the signaller should be contacted from an alternative telephone or advised at the first suitable opportunity.

       If it is not possible to communicate with the signaller before departure, the driver must be prepared to approach at caution
       user worked crossings where telephones are provided on the return journey and ensure they are clear before proceeding.


                                                           Dated: 26/09/15

       GW640 - LISKEARD TO LOOE VIA COOMBE
       COOMBE To LOOE

       The "One Train Working" staff for the Coombe-Looe section must be held by the Driver of trains for Looe when proceeding
       between Liskeard and Coombe, in addition to the "No Signaller" token.
       The points leading to the Coombe-Looe section are controlled by Coombe No.1 ground frame which can only be released
       by both the "One Train Working" staff and "No Signaller" token. The normal position of the ground frame is with the points
       set for movements between Liskeard and Coombe.
       On arrival at Coombe of trains from Liskeard the Guard must obtain the staff and token from the Driver, reverse the
       ground frame points and authorise the Driver to proceed onto the Coombe-Looe section. The ground frame must then be
       replaced to the normal position, the token placed in the intermediate token instrument and the staff returned to the Driver.
       Trains from Looe must be brought to a stand at the "Stop" board at Coombe No.1 ground frame. The Guard must obtain
       the "One Train Working" staff from the Driver and "No Signaller" token from the intermediate token instrument, reverse the
       ground frame points and authorise the Driver to pass the "Stop" board.
       The “Stop” board on the approach from Looe is equipped with TPWS. The Guard must additionally check that the steady
       blue TPWS status light shows on arrival at the Ground Frame from Looe. After withdrawing the token and reversing the
       points, the Guard must ensure that the blue light flashes to indicate that TPWS has been correctly suppressed.
       If the blue light does not show, or it does not flash when required, the TPWS equipment must be treated as failed. The
       Guard must report the defect to the Signaller and advise the Driver. The Driver must operate the Train Stop Override in
       the cab before passing the “Stop” board.
       Failure of train and assistance required. The "One Train Working" staff must be conveyed by the quickest means
       available to Coombe for the operation of No.1 ground frame.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06




       April 2009                   636
