                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW700 - GLOUCESTER BARNWOOD JN TO SEVERN TUNNEL JN
       GLOUCESTER

       Shunting movements – station area. The following is the preferred shunting route that will be used where more than one
       route is available.
       Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
       the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.


       Location  Shunt details
       West end  To or from Platform 4, Up Relief, Up Main, Platform 2, Platform 3 and Bay
                 Siding – to the Up Main (G162) to reverse behind signal G31


       Platform lines. When the locomotive of a train standing at Platform No.2 is in advance of signal G133, with the points set
       for the Up Main line, the Driver must make no further movement unless authorised to do so by the Person in Charge of the
       platform or signal G35 has been cleared.
       Empty coaching stock trains. Drivers of empty coaching stock trains that stop or reverse at Gloucester must contact the
       Signaller to let them know when the train is ready to proceed.
       Gloucester Carriage Sidings. These consist of three sidings numbered 1, 2 and 3 leading to the Parcels line. No 1 siding is
       nearest to platform 4. No. 1 road is known locally as the Depot Road.
       Drivers must telephone the Signaller for permission to make any movement from these sidings towards either Ground
       Position Light Signal G.417 on Siding 1 or the outgoing STOP board on Sidings 2 and 3.
       Drivers of trains making movements from sidings 2 or 3 must stop with the rear of their trains clear of the incoming STOP
       board and return the hand points to the normal position, i.e. for the through route between the Parcels line and Platform 4.
       The Driver must contact the Signaller and confirm that the hand points have been left set in the normal position for the
       straight route before proceeding.
       Drivers of all trains making movements from platform 4 to the Parcels Line must also stop with the rear of their trains clear
       of the incoming STOP board.
       Carriage Cleaning. The provisions of the Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1, as applicable, apply at this location. The
       Person in Charge of the carriage cleaning team will act as the designated person.
       Maintenance Work. When work other than shunting or carriage cleaning is to be undertaken, the Person in Charge of
       maintenance work must comply with the Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1. Additionally, before work commences he/she
       must reach a clear understanding with both the Signaller and the Person in Charge of the carriage cleaning team as to the
       protection arrangements.
       Gloucester Old Yard. The handpoint leading towards these sidings is normally clipped and padlocked for the route towards
       the Parcels line. The key to the padlock is kept in Gloucester Signal Box.
       Platforming of Passenger trains. Passenger trains conveying more than 10 vehicles, which are required to reverse at
       Gloucester station must be dealt with at either No.2 or No.4 Platform.
       Such trains dealt with at Platform No.2 must be brought to a stand with the leading end of the leading vehicle opposite the
       top of the ramp at the Newport end of the station.
       If the incoming locomotive is to work the train forward it must proceed to the rear (Newport side) of signal G31 (Up Main
       line) to run-round via the Up Main line. The Shunter detaching the locomotive must instruct the Driver accordingly.
       If the incoming locomotive is not scheduled to work the train forward the Driver may follow the departing train cautiously
       and at a safe distance to signal G133. If for any reason the locomotive is unable to follow the departing train immediately
       the Driver must contact the Signaller for further instructions.
       If the incoming locomotive of a train dealt with at Platform No.4 is not scheduled to work the train forward the Driver may
       follow the departing train cautiously and at a safe distance to signal G333. If for any reason the locomotive is unable to
       follow the departing train immediately the Driver must contact the Signaller for further instructions.
       Network Rail Operations Control must advise the Signaller of passenger trains booked to call at Gloucester which will
       exceed 10 vehicles as a result of additional vehicles being attached for any purpose. Such advice need not be given in
       respect of trains scheduled to convey more than 10 vehicles.
                                                         Dated: 11/04/2020




       April 2009                   645
