                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Severn Tunnel (7668 yards / 7012 metres)

       Restriction of traffic, exceptional loads, dangerous goods etc. Trains conveying dangerous goods traffic must not be
       permitted to enter the tunnel if a passenger train is travelling through or about to enter the tunnel on the opposite line.
       Wagons carrying consignments exceeding published gauge dimensions must not pass through the tunnel unless
       previously agreed between Network Rail and the Operators concerned.
       Traffic requiring more than two wagons for the bearing of the load, except special trains conveying welded rails from 300
       feet to 900 feet on specially constructed wagons, must not pass through the tunnel.
       Wagons conveying track sections must not be loaded with more than five sections and must be secured by four chains or
       polyester straps.
       Wagons conveying unchained steel and loaded in accordance with the instructions in the Working Manual for Rail Staff,
       Part 2 (Green Pages), may travel through the tunnel.
       The following conditions apply to scrap metal being conveyed in open ‘box’ type wagons through the Severn Tunnel.
       1.  Scrap must be loaded such that no material protrudes above a level six inches below the top of the wagon.
       2.  A load inspection sheet, signed by a designated and competent person, must be received by Network Rail
           Control at Cardiff before the train leaves its originating point. This sheet must state that wagons have been
           loaded in accordance with clause 1 above.
       3.  The train must not exceed 30 mph when passing through the Severn Tunnel. No other train must be allowed to
           pass the train conveying scrap in the Severn Tunnel.
       Change of Gradient lamps. Blue lamps for both directions of travel are fixed on the tunnel walls to indicate to traincrew
       that the train is approaching the change of gradient in the centre of the tunnel. There is one lamp on each side of the line
       a quarter of a mile before reaching the point where the falling gradient changes to level, and two lamps on each side, one
       above the other, 40 yards before reaching the level.
       Drivers of freight trains must release the brake gradually before passing the single lamp, and apply power before reaching
       the double lamps, to maintain tight couplings.
       Special Emergency Red Lights. These lights, which are not normally illuminated, are provided for Down direction
       movements at 12m 13ch and for Up direction movements at 14m 11ch. Signal post telephones are not provided at the
       emergency red lights.
       When the red lights are illuminated, trains must be brought to a stand as quickly as possible. The Driver must then
       contact the Signaller from the nearest emergency telephone.
       The Signaller may authorise trains to pass the lights when they are illuminated. In such circumstances, it will not be
       necessary for trains to be brought to a stand at the lights.
       Telephones. 38 telephones approximately 220 yards apart on alternate sides of the tunnel, illuminated by electric lamps,
       are provided on the approach side of tunnel recesses.
       Identification plates are provided at each telephone, showing its position either East or West of the Sudbrook shaft (e.g.
       'TELE 12E', 'TELE 31W', etc), together with the location in miles and chains. Callers must always ensure that the
       Signaller fully understands which telephone is being used.
       Traincrews will be advised when the telephones are out of order.
       Trains stopped in the tunnel by accident, failure, obstruction, or other exceptional incident.
       General
       The Rule Book, Modules M1 or M2, is amended as shown in this instruction:-
       If a train is brought to a stand in the tunnel by accident, failure, obstruction, or other exceptional incident, the Driver, or
       Guard, MUST make an emergency ‘REC CALL’ via the GSMR and advise the signaller of their location quoting either the
       nearest Tunnel Emergency Telephone number or the nearest OLE structure number. If GSMR is not available the Driver
       or Guard must contact the signaller via the nearest tunnel emergency telephone. Traincrews from promptly carrying out
       the normal requirements of the Rule Book, Modules M1 or M2, including protection of the opposite line, but track circuit
       operating clips must not be used inside the tunnel.
       When it has been clearly established that the opposite line is not obstructed, the Signaller must be advised accordingly.
       Use of Tunnel Emergency Telephones: If a reply is not obtained from the Signaller after a reasonable period of time the
       next telephone, which is situated on the opposite wall of the tunnel, must be used.




       April 2009                   673
