                                                                   OFFICIAL


                                        Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW733 – SUTTON BRIDGE JUNCTION TO ABERYSTWYTH
ABERYSTWYTH
Provided normal working applies, trains that awaken without a valid position may start in SR mode without written order 01 being
issued from block marker MK1155 as far as MH1153, or from block marker MH1153 as far as MH1151.
The driver must reach a clear understanding with the signaller when getting permission for the train to start in SR after awakening.
Movements to the Up Sidings. The conductor of the train concerned is responsible for the operation of Aberystwyth No.1 Ground
Frame. In the case of a light locomotive(s), the trainman is responsible for the operation of Aberystwyth No.2 Ground Frame.
Llanbadarn Level Crossing (ABCL). A plunger working in conjunction with this crossing is provided at Aberystwyth station,
Aberystwyth No.1 Ground Frame and block marker MH1151. Drivers of trains leaving Aberystwyth station should set up the leading
cab and obtain the required Movement Authority (MA) before pressing the crossing plunger.
Drivers of trains leaving the Up Sidings via Aberystwyth no. 1 ground frame should set up the leading cab and contact the signaller
before operating the plunger at the ground frame.
Provided the signaller confirms that the train will not be detained at block marker MH1151, and the train will not be delayed for
operational reasons between the ground frame and block marker MH1151, the driver must press the crossing plunger at the ground
frame before proceeding.
If the train is likely to be detained at MH1151, or delayed for operational reasons between the ground frame and block marker
MH1151, the driver must not press the crossing plunger. The driver must instead stop the train at block marker MH1151, contact the
signaller and request a MA. When a MA is received the driver must press the crossing plunger before proceeding.
Pressing any of the crossing plungers will prevent a train passing over the Vale of Rheidol Level Crossing (AOCL) while a train is
approaching the Network Rail Level Crossing (ABCL). These controls are provided to prevent traffic building up and obstructing the
level crossing.
The Network Rail level crossing is provided with controls that automatically reduce the speed of an approaching train to 10km/h when
the crossing is not working correctly. The controls are effective for trains operating in Staff Responsible, On Sight or Full Supervision
modes. The operation of the crossing is unchanged by these controls and the rules contained in Module TW8 continue to apply.
When a train approaches the crossing and the usual equipment is not working correctly, a 10km/h Temporary Speed Restriction (TSR)
demand will automatically be received and a text message reading ‘crossing failed’ will be displayed as the train passes the level
crossing speed restriction board.
The ‘TSR’ message will be displayed on the DMI and if it is not acknowledged within 5 seconds the train will be stopped. The on board
equipment takes into account the speed and braking capability of the train. At higher speeds the system will intervene and
automatically cause a brake application whereas at lower speeds the control of the train will remain with the driver.
When the speed of the train has been reduced to 10km/h or less, the on board equipment will release control to the driver. The driver
is then responsible for any forward movement and for ensuring that the crossing is clear before passing over it in accordance with Rule
Book, Module TW8.
If the signaller knows in advance that the crossing equipment is not working correctly, a 10 km/h TSR will be imposed and this
information will be sent as part of the MA. The driver will be issued with a written order to proceed. In these circumstances, the TSR
will extend over the crossing, cover both approaches and apply until the whole train has passed clear of the crossing. The message
‘crossing failed’ will be sent to the train at the level crossing speed restriction board and if this is not acknowledged within 5 seconds
the train will be stopped.
Under certain conditions a train may approach the crossing with the drivers crossing indicator flashing white but the TSR will still be
imposed and the message ‘crossing failed’ will be displayed on the DMI. If this happens, the driver must treat the crossing as not
working correctly and inform the signaller.
                                                                                                                       Dated: 20/06/15
GW733 – SUTTON BRIDGE JUNCTION TO ABERYSTWYTH
Entire Line Of Route
Speed and distance measurements
Train speeds are measured in kilometres per hour (km/h). Distance measurements are in miles and chains.
Where the Rule Book requires a location to be identified in kilometres and metres, this must instead be identified in miles and chains.
Where the Rule Book describes a distance between two locations in metres, this distance must be taken to mean the same in yards,
for example 200 metres (approximately 200 yards).
                                                                                                                       Dated: 19/03/11

GW733 – SUTTON BRIDGE JUNCTION TO ABERYSTWYTH
Entire Line Of Route
GSM-R voice and data radio failure affecting ERTMS operation
If a driver becomes aware that the on-board GSM-R voice and data radio has failed, the train must if possible continue using the MA
which has already been issued as far as the next convenient location where the signaller can be contacted or the EOA is reached.
The driver must approach any AHBC level crossing in the section at caution and not pass over it until sure it is safe to do so.
                                                                                                                       Dated: 19/03/11




     April 2009                                                   652
