                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW910 CRAVEN ARMS JN TO LLADEILLO JN
       Llandovery LC (TMO)

       Drivers operating instructions for LLANDOVERY Trainman Operated Barriers (TMO)
       Normal Operation
       Down Trains:
       Lowering of the barriers is controlled by a pull-wire provided at driving cab height on the nearside of the line, 5 metres from
       the stop board. The Driver must stop the train at the control wire and must pull and hold the control wire, till the lights on
       either side of the control wire are lit, to close the crossing to road traffic. The Driver must observe the crossing while the
       barriers are lowering to ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers. A second pull of the pull wire will stop
       the barriers lowering. To resume the lowering sequence the control wire must be pulled again. A cupboard (opened by a
       BR 1 key) is provided at ground level, containing a control unit with a “Lower” push button.
       When the barriers are correctly lowered, the white light on the “Stop” board will flash. As the barriers are designed to rise
       automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey.
       Up Trains:
       Obtain Key Token for the section before attempting to lower the barriers
       A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided on the approach to the level crossing, containing a control unit with a
       “Lower” push button. On arrival of a train at the “Stop” board, the Guard/Driver must unlock the cupboard and press and
       hold the “Lower” button. When the button has been pressed, the “Up” indicator will be extinguished, showing that the
       barrier lowering sequence has commenced and the road traffic signals will commence to operate.
       A red indicator light will be lit to show that the road traffic signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. The
       “Lower” button must not be released until the barrier lowering sequence has been completed. The operator must observe
       the crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
       If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the “Lower” button must be released. Further operation of the “Lower”
       button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the “Down” indicator will illuminate.
       When the barriers are correctly lowered, a Barriers Down indicator will be lit and an indicator repeating the white light on
       the “Stop” board will be lit. The operator must then RELOCK THE CUPBOARD and re-join the train. As the barriers are
       designed to rise automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey observing the flashing
       white light on the Stop board.
       Failure of equipment:
       The Signaller at Pantyffynnon Signal box must be advised of the failure of any equipment at the level crossing and the
       following procedure must be adopted until the failure is rectified.
       1.Failure of white light on the Stop board:
       If the white light on the stop board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing provided the driver is in
       possession of the Key Token for the Section and is satisfied that the barriers are fully lowered. You must operate the
       Temporary TPWS Train Stop Override Button before passing the Stop board
       2.Failure of barriers to lower:
       If the barriers fail to lower, but the road traffic signals are operating the train may pass over
       the crossing provided the driver is in possession of the Key Token and is satisfied it is safe to do so. You must operate the
       Temporary TPWS Train Stop Override Button before passing the Stop board
       3.Failure of barriers and Red Road Traffic signals:
       In the event of failure of the barriers and Red Road Traffic signals, the train may proceed over the crossing provided the
       driver is in possession of the Key Token and is satisfied it is safe to do so. You must operate the Temporary TPWS Train
       Stop Override Button before passing the Stop board
       4.Failure of cab height pull-wire (Down trains):
       A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided at ground level, containing a control unit with a “Lower” push button. If the
       pull wire operation fails to lower the barriers the train Driver must go to the control unit and press “Lower” button. The
       “Lower” button must be kept pressed until the barriers are lowered and “Barriers Down” indication is lit. If it is necessary to
       stop the barriers in the middle of lowering sequence, the “Lower” button must be released.
       If this attempt to lower the barriers also fails, instructions 2 or 3 above must apply.
       Drivers must observe extreme caution when proceeding over the crossing during failure of equipment.
       The white light on the "Stop" board will only flash when the control unit/Cab wire at that board has been used.




       April 2009                   688A
