                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW835 - TREHERBERT TO PONTYPRIDD JN
       TREHERBERT / DREHERBER

       Failure of signalling equipment. When a train is to operate from Ystrad Rhondda to Treherbert and then return towards
       Ystrad Rhondda in accordance with Clause 8.4.3 of the NSTR Regulations, the Driver must cancel the Special Authority
       Card for the journey from Ystrad Rhondda to Treherbert and then obtain a new Special Authority Card for the return
       journey. The Driver must complete the card at the dictation of the Signaller at Radyr before the train departs.

       Treherbert Ground Frame may be used when working by special authority cards is in operation and clause 8.7 of the
       NSTR regulations is modified accordingly. The following arrangements must apply:

       Up trains - Drivers must cancel the special authority card and advise the Signaller at Radyr after the train has passed
       complete with tail light beyond the ground frame points.

       Down trains - The Signaller must arrange for the Signalling Technician to release a token at Treherbert which must be
       retained by the Chargeman. The Chargeman must not replace the token into the token instrument unless instructed to do
       so by the Signaller at Radyr.

       The driver of each down train must complete a special authority card at the dictation of the signaller before the ground
       frame is operated. The completed card must then be shown to the Chargeman as his authority to operate the ground
       frame which must be restored to the normal position as soon as the train concerned has passed clear and arrived in the
       station platform.

       Movements beyond the “Stop - End of Section” board. Movement beyond this board must be authorised by the
       Chargeman or Guard (if the Chargeman is otherwise engaged). Before authorising any movement in either direction over
       the level crossing, the Chargeman or Guard (if the Chargeman is otherwise engaged) must ensure that the crossing gates
       are closed to road traffic.
       Treherbert Sidings. The Chargeman or other authorised person (if the Chargeman is otherwise engaged or not on duty) is
       responsible for the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2 at Treherbert ground frame and sidings.
       Treherbert Ground Frame.
       1.  The ground frame at Treherbert is fitted with a key lock to hold the single lever locked reverse. After reversing
           the point lever and before authorising a movement over the points, the key lock must be operated one half turn.
           After movements over the points are completed, the lock key must be returned to the original position before the
           lever may be released.
       2.  Movements past the “Start of Section” board may proceed to Treherbert Station platform only, whilst the token is
           being used to operate the ground Frame. Thereafter, no further movement towards Ystrad Rhondda is permitted
           until the Driver is in possession of the token.

       Carriage Cleaning. Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1 as applicable, apply. At this location carriage cleaners work in
       teams and each team will have a leader who will be the “Designated Person” referred to in the Rule Book.
       Before work commences the Designated Person must comply with the requirements of Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1
       on each occasion that carriage cleaning or servicing takes place. When work has ceased, the Designated Person must
       ensure that all staff are clear of the vehicles and in a position of safety before the protection arrangements are withdrawn.
                                                           Dated: 14/02/11

       GW835 - TREHERBERT TO PONTYPRIDD JN
       YSTRAD RHONDDA (TEP)

       Train arrived at Remote crossing Loop. When a train is to return to the token exchange point in rear from the same
       platform at which it arrived at Ystrad Rhondda, in accordance with Clause 3.3.4 of the NSTR Regulations, the Driver is
       authorised to obtain a token for the return journey from the same instrument on the same platform. In this situation the
       Driver must specially ensure that he has the correct section token has been obtained.
                                                           Dated: 14/02/11




       April 2009                   665
