                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Canton Depot

       6.CANTON TRANSPORT FOR WALES DEPOT
       1.1 Carriage Washing Machine - Position Light Signal CWM2 is controlled by the Canton Depot Shunter.
       1.2 The carriage washing machine is fitted with underframe, sole-bar cleaning jets, and roof cleaning brushes.
           Drivers of *locomotive hauled stock must stop before entering the carriage washing machine and ensure that:
           a)The bottom link of the locomotive screw coupling is chained up and all flexible pipework is properly secured
           b)The train supply is switched off
           c)Drivers must then draw up to and STOP at the sign worded “Drivers of locomotive hauled stock must press
             the plunger before entering the wash plant”, and operate the plunger. This will de-activate the roof cleaning
             brushes.
       * Clauses a) and c) also apply to light locomotives.
       ALL movements must not exceed 3 mph until the whole length of the train is clear of the washplant.
       1.3 The hand point controlling entrance onto the Swansea end of the depot and the T.V.R. Engineer’s sidings is
           clipped and padlocked towards the T.V.R. Engineer’s sidings. Handpoint no. 38 is clipped and padlocked
           towards the yard. The hand point for the oil roads is clipped and padlocked away from the oil roads. The
           Shunter holds the padlock keys and is responsible for clipping and unclipping the points and for lowering and
           raising the ‘STOP’ boards located in the ‘four foot’ when movements are to be made.
           All movements at the Swansea end, except those requiring to go to or from the Pullman Rail Depot, or via
           Leckwith Bridge Ground Frame Spur, or to the oil tank off-loading roads, must take place towards the T.V. Spur.
       2.  Within the depot and carriage sidings the Maintenance Controller is responsible for carrying out the provisions of
           the Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 3. The Maintenance Controller will authorise all movements either direct to
           Drivers or via the Shunters. No movement must be made in the Swansea direction on ‘Curve’ lines 6 to 11 and
           lines 12 to 14 from the Cardiff end of the yard without the Shunter having first set the necessary points and given
           authority for the movement to take place.
       In connection with the provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 9, the fouling points of sidings are indicated by
       white sleeper ends. This is to assist Drivers and Shunters when stabling vehicles to ensure they are clear of movements
       on adjacent sidings.
       Drivers must ensure that movements of traction units completely clear any trailing point or points which will subsequently
       become facing to the movement. The action of trailing through switches fitted with switchlocks does not guarantee that
       switches will be moved fully over to the opposite side and be locked in position. After the switches have been trailed
       through, they must be examined by the person in charge of the movement before a subsequent facing movement to
       ensure the locking mechanism has engaged, in accordance with Rule Book, Module SS2.
       3.  Depot Protection System
           3.1  A depot protection system operates within Canton Transport for Wales Depot. In accordance with the
                Rule Book, Module T10 and TW1, a DESIGNATED PERSON is responsible for the operation of this
                system on areas of the depot as defined in the Depot Safety Policy.
           3.2  Signals are provided at the east and west ends of the following roads:- 1-11 inclusive, and 20 road.
           3.3  Nos. 8 & 10 roads additionally have intermediate signals at the halfway points which separate the
                fuelling and cleaning bays.
           3.4  All signals within the depot are of the Position Light type and Drivers must understand their meaning as
                defined in Handbook RS/521, Section 2.6.
           3.5  Derailers are positioned on through roads 4 and 6 at the approaches to the maintenance shed. Any
                movement beyond the derailers must only be made under the instruction of the Shunter.
           3.6  Traction Units must not be left foul of foot crossings.
           3.7  When a move is to take place, overhead flashing beacons and an audible alarm will be activated. This
                warns staff in the area that a move is about to take place.
           3.8  When it is required to make a movement within the Depot Protection System the Driver's authority to
                move will be given by the Maintenance Controller. However, Drivers so authorised must not make any
                movement until the overhead flashing beacons and audible alarms are activated.
           3.9  The system must only be operated by a DESIGNATED PERSON who is identified by an orange arm
                band, marked D.P.




       April 2009                   679
