                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       PORT TALBOT PARKWAY

       Down Relief line. If a train is stabled on the Down Relief line to the rear of signal PT3369 or PT3371 to change
       locomotives, before the locomotive is detached the person responsible for detaching must ensure that sufficient
       handbrakes are applied to hold the train, and that they are applied on at least three vehicles at each end of the train.
                                                           Dated: 24/01/09

       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Landore Viaduct

       Two rectangular yellow marker plates have been affixed to Landore viaduct beside each line to assist in the reversal of
       HSTs. The marker nearer to Landore applies to HSTs with seven trailer vehicles and the marker further from Landore
       applies to HSTs with eight trailer vehicles. Drivers of HSTs requiring to reverse on the viaduct must first bring their trains
       to a stand at the appropriate marker, shut down both engines, and change ends by proceeding through the train.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06
       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Landore Depot

       Landore T & RSD is not regarded as a Maintenance Depot for the purposes of clause 15.5 (c) of the Class 253/254
       Working Instructions.
       Depot Protection. Depot protection is provided and "Stop and Await Instructions" boards are provided at the entrance to
       Landore T & RSD and at the approach to the Main Shed doors on numbers 1, 2, 3 and 4 roads, also on approach to the
       Servicing Shed doors (both sides) on number 5 road.
       Other methods of protection are as follows:-
       1.  Yellow flashing warning lights.
       2.  Warning sirens.
       3.  Wheel stops located outside the entrances to Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4 roads approaching the Main Shed.
       4.  Portable "Stop" boards have been provided and will be placed in the four foot of the following roads to protect
           vehicle maintenance work taking place:-
           Numbers 1, 2, 3 and 4 roads leading to the Main Shed.
           Number 5 road leading to the Servicing Shed.
           Portable boards will be placed and taken away only by authorised depot staff.
       5.  Static (fold up/down) "Stop" boards are provided in the four foot at the London end of numbers 6, 7, 8 and 9
           roads. These boards must be raised and locked by authorised depot staff when working on rolling stock within
           the boards.
       Outwards movements. The shunter must advise the driver of any locomotive, train, HST or DMU that all work, including
       train preparation, is complete and that the train is ready to depart. The shunter must advise the Signaller from position
       light signals PT551 or PT553 that the movement is ready to depart, giving the train headcode and destination.
       HSTs and DMUs must not proceed towards signal PT553 until the signal has been cleared.
       Noise reduction. HST movements to and from Landore T & RSD must be made with the London end power car shut
       down.
       Engines of all traction units must be shut down on arrival at the Depot.


                                                           Dated: 12/10/13




       April 2009                   681
