                                                                       OFFICIAL


                                           Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
Entire line of route

GSM-R VOICE AND DATA RADIO FAILURE AFFECTING ERTMS OPERATOR
If a driver becomes aware that the on-board GSM-R voice and data radio has failed, the train must if possible continue using the
MA which has already been issued as far as the next convenient location where the signaller can be contacted or the EOA is
reached.
The driver must approach any AHBC level crossing in the section at caution and not pass over it until sure it is safe to do so.
Bridge Speed Restrictions. Certain bridges and viaducts on this section of line have speed restrictions which are applicable to
other than class 15x trains. Reference to these restrictions is made in the table ‘A’ pages of this Appendix although line side speed
restriction signs are not provided. A RT3973 form will be issued for each affected train movement. Line side identification plates
are provided which indicate the bridge number concerned.
Note: speed signs for degraded working conditions are provided at the bridges concerned.
Speed and distance measurements. Train speeds are measured in kilometres per hour (km/h). Distance measurements are in
miles and chains.
Where the Rule Book requires a location to be identified in kilometres and metres, this must instead be identified in miles and
chains.
Where the Rule Book describes a distance between two locations in metres, this distance must be taken to mean the same in
yards, for example 200 metres (approximately 200 yards).
                                                                                                                           Dated: 20/08/16

GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
Sandilands LC (ABCL)

Due to the position of strike-in treadles for this crossing, shunting movements from one line to the other at the Barmouth end of
Tywyn loop must proceed over Sandilands LC and reverse behind block marker MH1169. Movements must not reverse behind
shunt marker MH1167.
                                                                                                                           Dated: 09/07/11
GW734 – DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
BARMOUTH
Provided normal working applies, trains that awaken without a valid position may start in SR mode without the issue of written order
01 from block marker MH1193 as far as MH1191 for up direction movements from the down platform.
The driver must reach a clear understanding with the signaller when getting permission for the train to start in SR after awakening.
Swing bridge. The swing bridge is out of use until further notice.
Trainman operated barriers. The Signaller at Machynlleth SC must be advised of the failure of any equipment at the level crossing
and the following procedure must be adopted until the failure is rectified.
Failure of white light. If the white light on the stop board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing provided the driver is
in possession of the necessary movement authority and is satisfied that the barriers are fully lowered.
Failure of barriers/red road traffic signals. If the barriers fail to lower or a failure of the barriers and red road traffic signals occurs, a
second attempt must be made to lower the barriers from the control unit on the other side of the crossing. The train may proceed
over the crossing provided the driver is in possession of the necessary movement authority and is satisfied it is safe to do so.
Failure of ‘BU’ indication. If the ‘BU’ indication has not illuminated by the time the train is about to pass it, the train must stop and
the Driver or a member of the station staff must return to the crossing and raise the barriers by means of the ‘Raise’ button
provided.
If this also fails to raise the barriers, the switch in the Upside pedestal must be turned to 'Hand operation’ and the barriers raised by
means of the pump handle provided. The barriers must be secured in the raised position.
                                                                                                                           Dated: 07/09/13




         April 2009                                                       653
