                                                            OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW950 - WHITLAND TO PEMBROKE DOCK
PEMBROKE DOCK / DOC PENFRO

All arriving and departing trains. The driver must advise the Whitland signaller:-
         (1)       as soon as the train arrives and,
         (2)       when the train is ready to depart. Note: When the turn round time at Pembroke Dock is less than 5
                   minutes, only one telephone call is necessary on arrival.
In the event of a failure of the telephone and the signaller cannot be contacted from a suitable alternative telephone, the
driver in these circumstances must make sure on the return journey to Tenby that all level crossings are clear and must be
prepared to stop short of each one if necessary.
                                                                                                           Dated: 09/06/12

GW950 - WHITLAND TO PEMBROKE DOCK
Entire Line Of Route

Due to restricted platform lengths, only 5 car IET’s are permitted in passenger operations.
                                                                                                           Dated: 09/03/19

GW960 - CLARBESTON ROAD TO MILFORD HAVEN
Entire Line Of Route

Use of ZKL300RC Remote Control Track Circuit Operating Device (RTCOD)

A COSS/PC wishes to take a Line blockage of the Up / Down Branch, they will call the signaller in the normal manner. The
signaller will then give the COSS/PC permission to activate the RTCOD and then observe that the track circuit CY
activates, prior to issuing the associated authority number. Once the work has been completed, the signaller must observe
that the track circuit shows clear and normal indications are obtained before returning to normal working.
If there is a track circuit failure when the RTCOD has not been intentionally activated, the following procedure must be
applied
The signaller will report the track circuit failure in the normal manner
The signaller will then carry out the applicable rules and regulations for the movement of subsequent trains until such a
time that normal running can resume.
Limit of Control

Line                      Between (signal / points)      and (signal / points)   Protecting Signal
Single (Down Branch)      Beyond 302 points              CR9                     CR5 / GPL CR101 (Down Branch)
Single (Up Branch)       CR12                            CR10                    CR12
A spare key is held in Clarbeston Road Signal Box
                                                                                                         Dated: 14/03/2020

GW960 - CLARBESTON ROAD TO MILFORD HAVEN
HAVERFORDWEST/ HWLFFORDD
White shunting light. A white shunting light is positioned approximately 200 yards on the Johnston side of the trailing
connection in the Down Main line and operated by a plunger situated at the Down Main connection.
The signal applies to movements from the Down Main to Through Siding or Down Sidings. The code shown in the Section
1 of this Appendix must be used.
Driver Only Oil trains. If a Down train is delayed at Haverfordwest awaiting the arrival of the Travelling Shunter, the Driver
must contact the Signaller at Clarbeston Road Junction, by means of the telephone at the exit from the sidings, to
ascertain their whereabouts.
Working of Yard. The Shed Road must only be used for running-round movements.




April 2009                                                     693
