                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO MAINDEE WEST JN
       Sutton Bridge Jn

       Up Goods Loop. It will not normally be necessary for traincrew to advise Signallers that trains have arrived complete with
       tail lamp in this goods loop. If the CCTV tail lamp camera has failed, Drivers will be advised to carry out the provisions of
       Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 36.1.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO MAINDEE WEST JN
       CRAVEN ARMS

       Down Goods Loop. It will not normally be necessary for traincrew to advise Signallers that trains have arrived complete
       with tail lamp in this goods loop. If the CCTV tail lamp camera has failed, Drivers will be advised to carry out the
       provisions of Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 36.1.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO NEWPORT, MAINDEE WEST JN
       Woofferton UGL

       Up Goods Loop. During shunting operations, Drivers must not pass beyond the "Treadle" board. Wagons detached with
       defects must not be stabled in the Up Goods Loop.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO NEWPORT, MAINDEE WEST JN
       Moreton Stone Terminal
       Moreton Stone Terminal – The Arrival/Departure line between the exit signal (ML21) and Stop Board No.1 is under the
       control of the Signaller at Moreton-On-Lugg. The train driver is the ONLY person who may request permission to pass No
       1 Stop Board to enter the Arrival / Departure line
       Trains arriving from Crewe – When the train arrives from the Crewe direction, the shunter is to make the signaller aware of
       their presence. The shunter will check that the arrival/departure line is set correctly for the arriving train. The shunter will
       control the movement by back to back radio to place the train on the arrival/departure line via signalled moves.
       If no shunter is present when a train arrives from the Crewe direction, the signaller may send the train to Hereford to
       prevent delays to other services.
       Trains arriving from Hereford – The signaller will route the train via ML7 signal onto the arrival/departure line to No 1 Stop
       board, where they will be met by the shunter.
       Trains departing towards Crewe – The Driver must contact the signaller for permission to pass Stop Board No.1 and enter
       the Arrival / Departure line. Once permission is obtained, the train is to set back until the whole train is beyond No 1 Stop
       Board and stop and no further movement is to be made until authorised by the Shunter. The Shunter will then request that
       the route is set for the train and that ML21 signal has been cleared to the off position for the movement of the train to
       behind ML16 signal. The maximum speed of propelling movements from No 1 Stop board towards the Up & Down Main
       lines is 10mph.
       Trains departing towards Hereford – Before the train reaches No 1 Stop Board, the Driver is to contact the signaller at
       Moreton-On-Lugg obtain permission to enter the arrival/departure line. Once permission is obtained the driver may pass
       No 1 Stop Board and proceed along the Arrival / Departure to ML21 signal and when the route is set and the signal is
       cleared the train may then depart.
                                                           Dated: 01/05/21




       April 2009                   648
