                                                             OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW910 - CRAVEN ARMS JN TO LLANDEILO JN
CRAVEN ARMS JN TO PANTYFFYNNON
British Telecom telephones. BT telephones are provided in the NSTR token instrument huts at Knighton, Llandrindod
Wells, Llanwrtyd Wells, Llandovery and Llandeilo and at Pantyffynnon signalbox.
If it is not possible to contact the Pantyffynnon Signaller using the telephone in the token instrument huts and a defect is
suspected, the Signaller may be contacted by dialling 01269-592450 from another telephone.
Token Instruments - Portable token magazines. Drivers must ensure, when placing tokens in the instruments at Knighton,
Llandrindod, Llanwrtyd, Llandovery and Llandeilo, that the portable magazine is filled first.
Bucknell, Dolau, Llangadog, Ffairfach, Cilyrychen, Llandybie, Brynmarlais and Tirydail level crossings. The instructions for
ABCL/ AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8, Section 4 apply at these crossings with the following
modifications:-
The crossings are operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver's plunger.
In the event of the crossing sequence not being initiated by the approach of the train or should the white light stop flashing
before the train reaches the crossing, the Driver must operate the plunger provided in a locked cabinet (Driver's No.1 key)
on the white light post to activate the crossing. When the white light is flashing the Driver may proceed as normal.
If after the operation of the plunger the white light still does not flash the Driver must treat the crossing as failed.
A telephone to Pantyffynnon signalbox is provided.
                                                                                                                Dated: 04/04/09

GW910 - CRAVEN ARMS JN TO LLANDEILO JN
LLANDRINDOD (TEP)
Shunting movements to the up siding. For shunting movements into the up siding, drivers are authorised to pass the
“Start of token section” board without the forward section token. The competent person in charge (PiC) must obtain
permission from the signaller at Pantyffynnon to operate the ground frame and assure the signaller that the points have
been reversed before any movement is authorised.
In order to avoid unnecessary TPWS interventions, it is not permitted to make simultaneous movements into the up siding
and from the Down Loop line in the up direction (i.e., other than the usual departure direction).
The PiC must advise the signaller when the movement to the up siding is completed. NSTR regulations 3.9 and 3.11.3
are amended accordingly.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/10/10

GW910 - CRAVEN ARMS JN TO LLANDEILO JN
Llandovery
Shunting movements to the up siding. The Person in Charge (PiC) must obtain permission from the signaller at
Pantyffynnon to operate the ground frame and also assure the signaller that the points have been reversed before any
movement is authorised. The PiC must advise the signaller when the movement is completed.
                                                                                                                Dated: 21/06/10




April 2009                                                     685
