                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW810 - RHYMNEY TO QUEEN STREET NORTH JN
RHYMNEY/RHYMNI

Rhymney Sidings. The Chargeman or other authorised person (if the Chargeman is otherwise engaged or not on duty) is
responsible for the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2 at Rhymney sidings.
Carriage Cleaning. Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1, as applicable, apply. At this location carriage cleaners work in
teams and each team will have a leader who will be the “Designated Person” referred to in the Rule Book.
Before work commences the Designated Person must comply with the requirements of Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1
on each occasion that carriage cleaning or servicing takes place. When work has ceased, the Designated Person must
ensure that all staff are clear of the vehicles and in a position of safety before the protection arrangements are withdrawn.
                                                                                                          Dated: 10/05/14

GW820 - CWMBARGOED TO YSTRAD MYNACH SOUTH
Cwmbargoed
TMO level crossing.
The gates are operated by the Person in Charge at Cwmbargoed (PiC). Before rail movements are allowed to foul the
crossing, the PiC must place both pairs of gates across the roadway. The gates must be so maintained until the
movement has passed clear, at which time the PiC must replace and padlock all gates across the railway.
Wagons with Defective Brakes (T.O.P.S. Cripple Code E)
M.G.R. trains composed of less than 28 vehicles MUST NOT be permitted to enter the single line at Cwmbargoed unless
the automatic brake is operative throughout the train.
M.G.R. trains composed of 28 VEHICLES OR MORE may be permitted to enter the single line at Cwmbargoed with a
maximum of ONE WAGON with a defective automatic brake, provided that :
   •   any wagon so conveyed is marshalled in accordance with the train air brake regulations, and
   •   the brake force available is in accordance with the White Pages of the Working Manual for Rail Staff.
                                                                                                          Dated: 09/09/13


GW820 - CWMBARGOED TO YSTRAD MYNACH SOUTH
Cwmbargoed To Ystrad Mynach South Jn
Tokenless Block ‘Remote’ Instructions
The following instructions apply to the working of this single line.
Terms and Principle
All reference to the signaller in these instructions means the Valleys workstation signaller at the Wales Railway Operating
Centre at Cardiff.
The following signals are to be considered as being the home and section signals :
Ystrad Mynach South Junction
Section signal - CF2834 also position light signals CF7420 and CF7422
Home signal - CF2587
Cwmbargoed
Section signal – CF2581
Home signal – STOP board CF2582
The line between STOP board CF2582 at Cwmbargoed and Ystrad Mynach South Junction is to be considered as one
single line section for the purposes of these instructions and is under the control of the signaller.




April 2009                                                  658
