                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW9001 - LANDORE JN TO SWANSEA
       Landore Depot To SWANSEA / ABERTAWE
       Movement of HST power car, with or without trailer vehicles - in either direction. The working instructions for Class
       253/254 Trains apply between Landore T & RSD and Swansea via Landore Junction, Swansea Loop West Junction and
       Swansea Loop East Junction with the following additions:-
       A Class 08 locomotive fitted with a special buckeye coupler must be attached to the gangway end of the power car or to a
       trailer vehicle. The air brake pipe and main reservoir pipe must be coupled.
       Propelling in either direction (Down direction only between Loop East and Loop West) is authorised at 10 mph subject to a
       maximum of four vehicles including power car and barrier vehicle. Propelling must not be carried out during fog or falling
       snow.
       A competent person must be provided to assist the Driver, but need not be a person in the footplate line of promotion.
       If main air pressure cannot be created on the power car, the parking brake must be manually released/applied and a
       locomotive or suitable vehicle attached at each end.
       Before the power car leaves Landore T & RSD and Swansea High Street in either direction, drivers must carry out full
       static preparation duties.
       Except in the circumstance described in the preceding paragraph, a brake continuity test must be carried out using the
       emergency brake plunger.
       The battery isolating switch must be closed in order that the warning horns can be operated. The warning horns will not
       operate in the event of flat batteries or the control circuit breaker tripped on a dead power car.
       The Signaller must be informed of the nature of the movement.
       Swansea Carriage Wash Plant. When empty stock movements are ready to leave Landore Diesel Depot for Swansea
       High Street Station the shunter must advise the signaller (Telephone no. 33210). If necessary, after consultation with the
       duty manager, the signaller must also be advised whether the movement is required to be routed via the Carriage Wash
       Plant.
       For all other empty stock movements, the Signaller will be advised by the Duty Manager when the movement is required
       to pass via the Carriage Wash Plant.
                                                           Dated: 12/10/13

       GW9001 - LANDORE JN TO SWANSEA
       SWANSEA / ABERTAWE
       Movements from Swansea Station. When a platform is, or maybe, occupied by more than one train or locomotive, the
       person despatching the train must ensure that the signal has been cleared for the particular movement requested (by TRS
       or other means), before any movement towards the platform signal is authorised.
       Reduction of noise - HSTs. On arrival at Swansea, HSTs must be brought to a stand with the driving cab opposite the
       permanent yellow marks provided 45 feet from the buffer stops. The HST stop marker is also the hanging yellow marker.
       Where necessary, the train must be coupled to the ETH shore supply and both engines must be shut down until not more
       than twelve minutes before departure.
       If the shore supply is not used, the engine at the Neath end must be left running. The engine at the Swansea end must be
       shut down and restarted not more than twelve minutes before departure time.
       Movements to/from Swansea Maliphant Sidings
       Access into these sidings is allowed by prior arrangement with Hitachi Rail Europe only.
       Movements to/from Swansea High Street Station to Swansea Maliphant Sidings. All movements to/from these private
       sidings must be authorised by the Great Western Railway Designated Person (DP) who must make all the necessary
       arrangements with the Signaller at Port Talbot.
       Movements within Swansea Maliphant Sidings. The Great Western Railway Designated Person (DP) must authorise all
       movements within these private Sidings. The DP must advise any other person in control of a shunt move, the routing and
       limit of the movement.
                                                             10/08/2019




       April 2009                   684
