                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       When an emergency, or breakdown, train is required to enter the tunnel, the Driver and other competent person who have
       protected the failed train may guide the respective emergency, or breakdown, trains to the failed train independently of
       each other, to allow these trains to reach the scene as promptly as possible.
       Failed Trains and obtaining assistance
       The Driver, in going back to protect their train, must stop at the nearest telephone and advise the Signaller, and if it is
       ascertained from the Signaller that assistance will come from the other direction, the Driver must carry out protection in
       that direction.
       The traincrew must advise the Signaller of the circumstances. When the examination of the failed train, or any work on
       the outside of it, has been completed and all staff are clear of the opposite line, prior to the arrival of the assisting train,
       they must inform the Signaller so that trains on the opposite line may be allowed to proceed cautiously.
       Before the assisting train is admitted to the tunnel the Signaller will again stop trains on the opposite line. The assisting
       train must enter the tunnel and proceed towards the failed train cautiously, until the Driver is met. The assisting train must
       then be guided to the failed train by the Driver of that train.
       Following attaching of the assisting train, and when work on the outside of the failed train is complete, the Driver of the
       failed train must inform the Signaller that the train is ready to proceed, in order that trains on the opposite line may be
       allowed to proceed.
       The locomotive of a train must not be detached in the tunnel for the purpose of assisting another train.
       Dividing trains in emergency (other than accidental division)
       Before a train is divided within the tunnel for any purpose, the Signaller’s permission must be obtained first and a clear
       understanding must be reached as to what will take place.
       If it is necessary to divide a train within the tunnel and remove it in two portions, the Driver must advise the Signaller when
       the front portion complete has passed clear of the signal section concerned. The Driver must also remind them that the
       second portion is still inside the tunnel, and state whether the opposite line is clear or obstructed.
       Passenger trains must not be divided in the tunnel except;
       (a) When necessary to uncouple and recouple trains consisting of Class 14x and/or 15x units as part of the fault-
           finding procedure, or
       (b) When it is found that a failed train consisting of Class 14x and/or 15x units can only proceed forward with the rear
           unit(s) detached. In such circumstances the following conditions must apply:
       * both portions must be appropriately manned before uncoupling takes place
           * no unmanned portion may be left in the tunnel
           * passengers must NOT be transferred between units other than via the gangway connection.
       Accidental division
       If a train has accidentally parted in the tunnel and the rear portion of the divided train is to be hauled to a point in advance,
       the Guard of the divided train, after acting in accordance with the Rule Book, Module M1, Section 6, must proceed towards
       the end of the tunnel from which assistance will be provided and pilot the assisting locomotive to the rear portion of their
       train.
       Examination of tunnel on the affected line
       A goods train not conveying dangerous goods, a light locomotive, an empty coaching stock train or a road / rail rapid
       response vehicle within a T3 possession may be used to examine the affected line. There is no restriction on train type
       when the unaffected line is to be examined from the unaffected line. Rule Book, Module TS1, General signalling
       regulation 20 applies.
       Emergencies within the tunnel
       In the event of a major emergency within the Severn Tunnel, the Network Rail Severn Tunnel Emergency response plan
       must be activated.
                                                           Dated: 17/11/18


       GW900 – PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Severn Tunnel Junction Cripple Siding
       The Person in Charge of movements starting from this siding must telephone the signaller for permission before moving
       towards exit signal NT1330.
                                                           Dated: 26/12/15



       April 2009                   674
