                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Severn Tunnel Jn

       Signage for Class 80x trains
       Signage is provided and is applicable to Class 80x IET’s only. The signage is provided for Class 80x trains to PAN UP or
       PAN DOWN at line speed on the Down Main, Up Main, Down Relief, Up Relief, Down Tunnel (Up direction) and Up
       Tunnel.


       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       NEWPORT / CASNEWYDD

       For dispatch of HST Castle or Classic sets, the guard must use the rear most door panel when in platform 4 travelling in
       the Up direction.
       Permissive Working – during engineering work the following arrangements will apply when the current permissive
       working arrangements have been relaxed to include platform sharing for the period of the engineering work.
       Platform sharing is not permitted when an HST or IET is already occupying the platform line concerned.
       Self-despatch on all platforms is withdrawn for the same period and a person in charge (PiC) of each platform will be
       appointed. The PiC must exchange contact details with the signaller at Wales Railway Operating Centre, Newport station
       workstation (Tel No. 02920 345302) at the start of each shift.
       The position of the car stop signs will not be altered. Drivers should be prepared to stop a minimum of one coach length
       (20 metres) short of other trains already in the platform line or stop at the usual car stop sign, if sufficient space is
       available. If the movement is required to pass the car stop sign, the PIC of the platform will be in attendance at the sign to
       give the driver the necessary instructions.
       Special care should be taken to ensure there is sufficient room to accommodate down trains arriving at platform 3 and 4
       so that they can reverse and start on the approach side to the up-direction platform starting signals.
                                                         Dated: 03/08/2019

       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Neath Station

       During reversible working, when a Down train terminates in the Up platform, the driver must contact the signaller and
       request permission for their train to depart towards Port Talbot.
       During reversible working when an Up train terminates in the Down platform, the driver must contact the signaller and
       inform them when their train is ready to depart towards Swansea.
                                                           Dated: 20/04/19

       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Alexandra Dock Jn

       Working of trains from South Wales Main line to Newport Docks via Alexandra Dock Junction. All movements onto the
       Single line to/from Newport Docks will be subject to the authority of Train Operating Companies Person in Charge at AD
       Yard who will authorise Drivers to pass the relevant stop board when it is safe to do so and no conflicting movement is to
       be made. They will record all movements.
       Shunters accompanying movements to/from the Docks will normally contact the Person in Charge at AD Yard by radio. If
       radio communication is unobtainable, fixed or radio telephones must be used before any movement is made.
       The Person in Charge at AD Yard must be advised when a train has arrived complete within the protecting stop board at
       the Docks end of the Branch.
                                                           Dated: 15/09/12
       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Cardiff East Junction to Cardiff Queen Street South Junction

       If there is a requirement to detrain passengers from a failed train between Cardiff East Junction and Cardiff Queen Street
       South Junction, you should request an emergency switch off with the ECRO at TVSC Didcot for Lines D and E, prior to
       any detraining event to ensure safety of the line.
                                                         Dated: 31/10/2020




       April 2009                   676
