                                                                  OFFICIAL


                                       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW733 - SUTTON BRIDGE JUNCTION TO ABERYSTWYTH
MACHYNLLETH DEPOT
Movements to and from Machynlleth depot
Movements from platform 2 to the Aberystwyth siding must stop at the stop board MH2023 where the driver must select SH mode
and obtain the signaller’s permission to proceed.
Movements entering the Aberystwyth siding from the single line will be provided with SH mode by the system.
Movements to and from the Tank siding are controlled by position-light signals. The driver must select SH mode.
Movements exiting the Aberystwyth siding in either direction must stop at the controlling position-light signal where the driver
must exit SH and carry out the start of mission procedure. To enable the movement to proceed as far as the next block marker
on the running line the train should be in SR mode and the position light signal cleared.
Trains entering the Aberystwyth siding from MH1090 (or MH1092) will be advised by the signallers where the movement will
proceed to..
Movements within the depot
All movements within the depot must normally be carried out in Level 2 SH mode under the instructions of the shunter. If SH
mode cannot be obtained because of a system maintenance, failure or defect, essential movements may be made in Level 0 SH
or IS mode.
All movements from the Aberystwyth siding to the depot will be advised by the Machynlleth SC signaller to the Designated Person
(DP). Facing handpoints must be set in reverse to enter the Shed Road back of the depot, and facing handpoints set in reverse to
enter the Rock siding main depot.
All movements to, within and from the depot as far as stop board MH2021 are controlled by the depot shunter. However,
movements from either the Fuel or Pens roads to the maintenance shed must not pass the Stop boards protecting the
Maintenance shed without authorisation from the Designated Person (DP).
All units entering the depot must first be routed to the Fuel or Pens roads.
When work is being carried out on units stabled in the Fuel or Pens roads, a “Not to be Moved” board must be fitted on the end of
the unit formation facing the station building and on the driver’s side of the unit(s).
Movements from the Rock siding (main depot) to the Aberystwyth siding are controlled from stop board MH2021. There must be
no conflicting movement authorised from the stop board at the back of the shed towards the Aberystwyth siding.
Before any movement is made from the Coal Siding (stop board MH2020) towards the Aberystwyth siding, the person in charge
of the movement must obtain the signaller’s permission to proceed.
Safety of Employees working on Rail vehicles – Rule Book Modules T10 and TW1
At the following locations, sidings are used for maintenance and repairs or form part of the depot. When sidings are used by
Maintenance personnel the movements of rail vehicles will be under the control of the DP. At other times movements will be
under the control of operating staff. Movements must not exceed 10km/h.
When maintenance personnel are in the sidings, visitors and staff of other departments/companies must report to the DP and
must not start work until their presence in the depot or sidings has been recorded and the relevant protection has been provided.
                                                                                                                    Dated: 19/03/11

GW733 - SUTTON BRIDGE JUNCTION TO ABERYSTWYTH
Borth Capel Soar LC (AOCL) and Llandre (ABCL)

The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8, section 4 apply at these crossings with the following
modifications:
The crossing is operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver’s plunger.
If the crossing sequence is not initiated by the approach of the train or if the white light stop flashing before the train reaches the
crossing, the Driver must operate the plunger provided in a locked cabinet (Driver’s No. 1 key) just in rear of the white light post to
activate the crossing. When the white light is flashing the Driver may proceed as normal.
If after operation of the plunger the white light still does not flash the Driver must treat the crossing as failed.
                                                                                                                    Dated: 18/06/11




       April 2009                                                    651
