                                                             OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW910 - CRAVEN ARMS JN TO LLANDEILO JN
Llandrindod Level Crossing (TMO)
Drivers operating instructions for LLANDRINDOD Trainman operated barriers
Normal Operation
Lowering of the barriers is controlled by a pull-wire provided at driving cab height on the nearside of the line, 5 metres from
the stop board. The Driver must stop the train at the control wire and must pull the control wire to close the crossing to road
traffic. The Driver must observe the crossing while the barriers are lowering to ensure that nothing is trapped under or
between the barriers. A second pull of the pull wire will stop the barriers lowering. To resume the lowering sequence the
control wire must be pulled again. A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided at ground level, containing a control unit
with a “Lower” push button.
When the barriers are correctly lowered, the white light on the “Stop” board will flash. As the barriers are designed to rise
automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey.
Failure of equipment:
The Signaller at Pantyffynnon Signal box must be advised of the failure of any equipment at the level crossing and the
following procedure must be adopted until the failure is rectified.
Failure of white light on the Stop board:
If the white light on the stop board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing provided the driver is satisfied that
the barriers are fully lowered.
2.   Failure of barriers to lower:
If the barriers fail to lower, but the road traffic signals are operating the train may pass over
the crossing provided the driver is satisfied it is safe to do so.
3.   Failure of barriers and Red Road Traffic signals:
In the event of failure of the barriers and Red Road Traffic signals, the train may proceed over the crossing provided the
driver is satisfied it is safe to do so.
4.   Failure of cab height pull-wire:
A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided at ground level, containing a control unit with
a “Lower” push button. If the pull wire operation fails to lower the barriers the train Driver must go to the control unit and
press “Lower” button. The “Lower” button must be kept pressed until the barriers are lowered and “Barriers Down”
indication is lit. If it is necessary to stop the barriers in the middle of lowering sequence, the “Lower” button must be
released.
If this attempt to lower the barriers also fails, instructions 2 or 3 above must apply.
Drivers must observe extreme caution when proceeding over the crossing during failure of equipment.
If a train does not proceed over the crossing within 3 minutes of initiating Lower sequence, either by pulling the cab wire or
by pressing the Lower button, the Driver’s White light, if lit, will be extinguished and 30 seconds there after the barriers will
rise. Drivers are required to wait till the barriers have raised completely. In this instance, subsequent attempts to initiate the
crossing sequence will not lower the barriers until attended by NR staff. Drivers must inform the Signaller at Pantyffynnon
Signal Box and follow instruction 3 above.
                                                                                                            Dated: 09/01/2021

          .




April 2009                                                     688
