                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW672 - BURNGULLOW TO PARKANDILLACK
       Burngullow Jn

       Reception Line (Through Sidings Straight Road). The Par signaller is in charge of movements onto the Reception line at
       Burngullow between the Stop Board at 288m 71ch and PR206 GPL in both directions. The Train Operating Company
       Person in Charge (PiC) of each train movement should liaise with the Par signaller to reach a clear understanding of
       requirements prior to each movement tacking place.
       Blackpool and Rotary Sidings. Staff must look out for and obey any warning notices issued by the depot operator.
       The gate at Rotary Sidings is double padlocked with the depot operator and Train Operating Company each holding a key.
       The PiC must ensure that the depot operator has been advised before a trip leaves Burngullow Yard and must ensure that
       the gate has been closed with both padlocks secure on completion of shunting.
       Burngullow Yard. Trains entering the Yard from the main line must be routed to the Through Sidings Straight Road. Hand
       points must be left set for movements onto this line before the PiC leaves duty.
       The Signaller may only route a train into the Yard from the main line after permission has been obtained from the PiC’s,
       except that one movement may be allowed to enter the Through Sidings Straight Road and proceed to the Stop board in
       order to await the PiC’s arrival.
       Entry to the Yard from the Parkandillack Branch will be authorised by the signaller at Par, the PiC must telephone the
       signaller to confirm that no conflicting movements are taking place or have been signalled. Once permission has been
       granted by the signaller for the train to pass the Stop Board protecting the Yard at 288m 71ch the PiC must additionally
       ensure that the line is clear and points within the route are set correctly for the movement to take place.
       Before leaving Burngullow on trains for the Parkandillack branch, the PiC must ensure the handpoints at the Parkandillack
       end of the Yard (facing for movements from the single line) are set towards the Wharf Road as protection against any
       runaway vehicles.
                                                           Dated: 15/09/12

       GW672 - BURNGULLOW TO PARKANDILLACK
       Parkandillack/Treviscoe

       Kernick and Treviscoe Sidings. Staff must look out for and obey any warning notices issued by the depot operator.
       Train Operating Company Shunters are responsible for switching on the flashing warning lights before movements are
       made into these sidings and for switching them off again when all movements have been completed.
       Parkandillack, arriving and departing trains. The driver must advise the Par signaller :
         a)As soon as the train arrives, and
         b)When the train is ready to depart
       In the event of it not being possible to contact the signaller, the driver must be satisfied that Carpalla Level crossing
       (UWC) at 290m 48ch on the return journey to Burngullow is clear and must be prepared to stop short of the crossing if
       necessary.
       Parkandillack No.1/No.2 and Trelavour Sidings. Staff must look out for and obey any warning notices issued by the depot
       operator.
       Loose shunting at these sidings is prohibited and the automatic brake must be operative on all vehicles.
       Movements towards the New Buell must be brought to a stand at the entrance to the dryer and the shunter must then
       ensure there are no obstructions in the dryer loading area prior to completing the movement.
                                                           Dated: 24/08/13




       April 2009                   642
