                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW874 - BRIDGEND, (LLYNFI JN) TO MAESTEG
       TONDU

       Exchange of tokens. Up trains must be stopped with the driving cab adjacent to Tondu signalbox. The Driver must cross
       the driving cab and hand the token to the Signaller. The train must then draw forward into the platform.
       Down trains will be brought to a stand adjacent to Tondu signalbox, and the Signaller must give the token to the Driver.
       Garw Main and Loop lines. These lines are worked as sidings under the control of the Tondu Signaller. If the Garw
       Ground Frame is required to be used, the ground frame key, which is attached to the former Blaengarw branch train staff,
       must first be obtained from the Tondu Signaller
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       GW874 - BRIDGEND, (LLYNFI JN) TO MAESTEG
       MAESTEG To TONDU

       Multiple Unit trains working with brakes isolated. Trains formed of a 2-car multiple unit must not run between these points
       with brakes isolated on either vehicle, nor must a 3-car multiple unit run between these points with brakes isolated on
       more than one vehicle. An assisting train must be attached so that the proportion of vehicles isolated does not exceed 1
       in 4 (if 2x2-car units are involved) or 2 in 5 (if a 3-car plus a 2-car unit are involved).
       A single Class 153 unit with any brakes isolated must be assisted by AT LEAST 2 x Class 153 or one 2-car unit.
       The same proportion of vehicles must be applied to longer train formations, e.g. not more than two vehicles to be isolated
       on a 3x2-car train.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       GW874 - BRIDGEND, (LLYNFI JN) TO MAESTEG
       MAESTEG

       BT Telephones are provided on the Tondu end of the Platform.
       Arriving and departing trains. The Driver must advise the Tondu Signaller, using the telephone on the station platform:
           (i)  as soon as the train arrives, and
           (ii) when the train is ready to depart. Note: When the turn round time at Maesteg is less than 5 minutes,
                only one telephone call is necessary on arrival.
       In the event of a failure of the telephone and the Signaller cannot be contacted from a suitable alternative telephone, the
       Driver in these circumstances must make sure on the return journey to Tondu that British Tissues level crossing at 5 mp is
       clear, and must be prepared to stop short if necessary.
                                                           Dated: 01/12/07




       April 2009                   668
