                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW915 - GWAUN-CAE-GURWEN TO PANTYFFYNNON
Gwaun-cae-Gurwen A-474 LC (OCL)

This crossing must only be used between 09.30 and 15.00 Monday to Friday during daylight hours and will normally be
operated by the Train Operating Company Person in Charge. Drivers may proceed over this crossing when the white
crossing light is flashing. Before passing over the crossing in the down direction, Drivers must also :
be in possession of the ‘one train working’ train staff
obtain permission from the signaller for the train to return towards Pantyffynnon
sound the locomotive horn.
                                                                                                           Dated: 16/01/10

GW915 - GWAUN-CAE-GURWEN TO PANTYFFYNNON
Cawdor LC (OPEN)

This crossing must only be used between 09.30 and 15.00 Monday to Friday during daylight hours.
                                                                                                           Dated: 16/01/10

GW915 - GWAUN-CAE-GURWEN TO PANTYFFYNNON
Ammanford Relief Road LC (TMO)

This crossing is to be operated by traincrew and the following instructions apply. Lineside control wire equipment at driving
cab height is provided on the left hand side running direction of the line. Trains must be brought to a stand at the control
wire.
Drivers must pull the control wire to initiate the lowering sequence of the barriers. Releasing the wire and pulling it a
second time will stop the lowering sequence. Pulling the control wire a third time will continue the lowering sequence.
When the sequence is complete the Driver's white light will flash. Drivers must ensure that the TMO Level Crossing is
clear before proceeding over it.
When the barriers have been lowered but the train cannot proceed over the crossing e.g. due to engine failure, the Driver
must pull the control wire again and the Guard must press the "Raise" button in the control unit. To lower the barriers for
subsequent movements over the crossing the normal operation applies.
A cupboard is also provided at the approaches to the level crossing which contains a manual control unit with two push
buttons:- "Raise" and "Lower". This facility must be used when the control wire is not available.
On arrival of a train at the "Stop" board, the Guard must unlock the cupboard and press the "Lower" button. When the
button has been pressed, the "Up" indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering sequence has
commenced, and the road traffic signals will commence to operate. Red indicator lights will show that the road traffic
signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. The "Lower" button must not be released until the barrier
lowering sequence has been completed. The Guard must observe the crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to ensure
that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the "Lower" button must be released. Further operation of the "Lower"
button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the "Down" indicator will illuminate.
Depression of the "Raise" button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the red road
traffic signals will be extinguished.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers rising, the "Raise" button must be released.
When the barriers are correctly lowered, a white light on the "Stop" board will flash. The Guard MUST THEN RELOCK
THE CUPBOARD and rejoin the train. As the barriers are designed to rise automatically following the passage of the
train, the train may proceed on its journey.
Approximately ¼ to ½ mile in advance of the crossing is an elevated indicator which, when illuminated, displays the letters
"BU" to signify that the barriers have risen behind a train which has passed clear of the crossing.
Failure of equipment
The Signaller at Pantyffynnon must be advised of the failure of any equipment at these level crossings at the first available
opportunity.




April 2009                                                    690
