                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




       GW834 - HIRWAUN TO ABERCYNON
       Hirwaun Pond
       Arriving and departing trains. The Driver must advise the Abercynon Signaller:
              a)as soon as the trains arrives, and
              when the train is ready to depart
       In the event of it not being possible to contact the Signaller, the Driver must satisfy himself that all level crossings on the
       return journey to Abercynon are clear and must be prepared to stop short of each one if necessary.
                                                           Dated: 03/02/07

       GW834 - HIRWAUN TO ABERCYNON
       Robertstown LC (TMO)
       This level crossing has gates operated by traincrew. The gates must be operated by the shunter. The barriers are normally
       secured in the raised position by retaining hooks. The Shunter must remove the hooks before operating the barriers and
       replace them after the train has passed over the crossing and the barriers have been raised.
       The crossing controls consist of two push buttons:-
           "Raise"
           "Lower"
       When the "Lower" button has been pressed, the "Up" indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering
       sequence has commenced, and the road traffic signals will commence to operate. Red indicator lights will show that the
       road traffic signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. The "Lower" button must not be released until the
       barrier lowering sequence has been completed. The Shunter must observe the crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to
       ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
       If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the "Lower" button must be released. Further operation of the "Lower"
       button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the "Down" indicator will illuminate.
       Momentary depression of the "Raise" button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the
       red road traffic signals will be extinguished.
       When the barriers are correctly lowered the Shunter MUST THEN RELOCK THE CUPBOARD and rejoin the train. As the
       barriers are designed to rise automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey.
       Failure of equipment. The Signaller at Abercynon must be immediately advised of the failure of any equipment at this level
       crossing.
       1.  Failure of Barriers
           If the barriers fail to lower, but the road traffic signals are operating, a second attempt must be made to lower the
           barriers from the control unit on the other side of the crossing. If the barriers still fail to lower, the Shunter must
           contact the Signaller.
           If the barriers fail to raise, the Shunter must go to either of the cupboards and observe that the "Up" indicator is
           illuminated. If it is not, they must attempt to raise the barriers by pressing the "Raise" button on the control unit.
           Should this be unsuccessful, they must try the corresponding button on the other control unit.
           If after these attempts, one or other of the barriers fail to rise completely, the following action must be taken:-
           (i)  Break the glass of the glass fronted box located in the control cupboard and remove the key to the
                hydraulic equipment covers.
           (ii) Remove (by lifting and pulling forward) the rear panel of the wire cage and unlock and remove the
                hydraulic equipment cover at all failed barriers.
           (iii)Raise each barrier successively as described in paragraphs (iv) to (vii) below.




       April 2009                   663
