                                   OFFICIAL


                      Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       LLANELLI
       Platform plungers. Equipment is provided in cabinets on both platforms at Llanelli for the use of traincrew on
       trains that reverse.

       After station work is complete and approximately one minute before scheduled departure time, a member of
       the traincrew must open the cabinet, place a carriage key into the lock and turn the key. When the white light
       illuminates, the adjacent button must be pressed at which stage the level crossing closure procedure will
       commence and the signal will clear. The cabinet must then be closed.

       If the white light does not illuminate the traincrew member must telephone the signaller to establish that the
       route has been set.
       Signal Passed At Danger (SPAD) prediction equipment. SPAD prediction equipment has been provided on
       the approach to signals PT286 and PT249. The equipment is only active when these signals are at danger. If
       the system predicts that a train is approaching either signal at danger at an excessive speed, an alarm will
       sound in Port Talbot signal box and the road lights at the crossing ahead of the signal will automatically start
       flashing red. The signaller will then carry out the necessary emergency regulations and arrange for trains to be
       stopped.
                                                           Dated: 16/02/15
       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       WHITLAND / HENDY-GWYN
       "Train Ready to Start" plunger - Down Platform. On completion of station duties, Guards of trains proceeding towards
       Clarbeston Road Junction must operate the plunger, located on the wall of the platform waiting room, after which they
       must rejoin their train.
       When the platform starting signal clears to a proceed aspect, the Guard may then give the signal to start to the Driver.
       Up Platform. The Guard on the Up platform at Whitland Station must telephone the Signaller at Whitland signalbox when
       a train has arrived complete with tail lamp.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06
       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       Fishguard Harbour
       Arriving and departing trains. The Driver must advise the Signaller at Clarbeston Road :
       (i) as soon as the train arrives, and
       (ii)when the train is ready to depart.
       Note: When the turn round time at Fishguard Harbour is less than 5 minutes, only one telephone call is necessary on
       arrival.
       In the event of a failure of the telephone and the Signaller cannot be contacted from a suitable alternative telephone, the
       Driver in these circumstances must make sure on the return journey to Clarbeston Road that Hendrewen level crossing at
       285m 10ch is clear, and must be prepared to stop short if necessary.
       When a train is ready to depart the Traincrew must operate the crossing lights plunger and observe that the flashing white
       light has operated. The Guard must then give the ‘ready to start’ signal to the Driver in the usual manner.
       If an Up passenger train is likely to be delayed beyond its booked departure time, the Guard must telephone the Signaller
       at Clarbeston Road and explain the circumstances.
                                                           Dated: 11/02/19

       GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
       WEST OF SWANSEA
       Due to restricted platform lengths, only 5 car IET’s are permitted in passenger operations west of Swansea.
                                                           Dated: 09/03/19




       April 2009                   683
