                                                               OFFICIAL


                                    Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



         (iv)          Operate the two hydraulic valves located within the barrier control box (which has been exposed by
                       removal of its cover) to their fully OPEN position, indicated by a correspondingly marked arrow (anti-
                       clockwise).
         (v)           Lift the rod, which has a hooked end and which is pivoted to the right of the control box, to the vertical
                       position.
         (vi)          Manhandle the barrier to the fully raised position and lower the rod so that its hooked end engages with
                       the horizontal bar at the counterweight end of the barrier.
         (vii)         Leaving the valves in the OPEN position, replace and lock the hydraulic equipment (control box) cover
                       and replace the wire cage panel.
         (viii)        Repeat the procedure of operating and leaving OPEN the hydraulic valves and engaging the rod (which
                       will involve partially lowering the barrier to enable the procedure shown in paragraph (v) to be followed)
                       at any barrier which may be fully risen, replacing and locking the hydraulic equipment covers and
                       replacing the wire cage afterwards.
                                                                                                                 Dated: 30/06/12

GW834 - HIRWAUN TO ABERCYNON
ABERDARE / ABERDAR
Between Aberdare and Hirwaun. The one train only train staff for the section of line between the double-sided STOP
board at Aberdare ‘old station’ and Hirwaun is kept in the ground frame hut at Aberdare. All movements are under the
control of the Abercynon Signaller and a telephone is provided in the locked cabinet at the ground frame at Aberdare ‘old
station’.
The points at Aberdare ‘old station’ are clipped and padlocked for the route towards Hirwaun. The keys to the padlock are
kept in the locked cabinet at Aberdare ground frame should it be necessary to gain access to the siding.
The Signaller must be advised when shunting movements are made into this siding and their permission must be obtained
before a movement leaves the siding. The one train only staff is not required to be issued to Drivers for movements to or
from this siding. On completion of movements, the points must be clipped and padlocked for the route towards Hirwaun
and the key returned to the locked cabinet at the ground frame.
The Guard is responsible for operating the ground frame at Aberdare and carrying out the provisions of Rule Book,
Module SS2 as appropriate.
Arriving and departing trains. The Driver must advise the Abercynon Signaller:
                  a)   as soon as the trains arrives, and
                  when the train is ready to depart
When the turn round time for passenger trains is less than 5 minutes, only one telephone call is necessary on arrival.
In the event of it not being possible to contact the Signaller, the Driver must be satisfied that all level crossings on the
return journey to Abercynon are clear and must be prepared to stop short of each one if necessary.
                                                                                                                 Dated: 19/05/07

GW834 - HIRWAUN TO ABERCYNON
MOUNTAIN ASH/ ABERPENNAR
Guards of DMU trains stopping at the Down platform must see that signal A505 is showing a proceed aspect before giving
the READY TO START signal from the leading cab
If signal A505 stays at danger for an unusually long time, the Guard must reach a clear understanding with the Driver that
the train is to proceed only as far as the signal, then give the DRAW FORWARD signal.
                                                                                                                 Dated: 05/12/15

GW835 - TREHERBERT TO PONTYPRIDD JN
TREHERBERT / DREHERBER To YSTRAD RHONDDA (TEP)
Failure of train and assistance required. Clause 7.1.5 of the NSTR Regulations is modified as follows:-
If a train becomes disabled between Treherbert and Ystrad Rhondda, and it is more expeditious to provide assistance
from Treherbert, authority is given for the token to be taken by the Driver to Treherbert in order to operate the ground
frame to enable the assisting train to enter the line.
                                                                                                                 Dated: 10/10/09




April 2009                                                       664
