Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2



possible that there may be no Crossing Keeper on duty, and therefore once the Shunter (Driver in absence of Shunter)
has established that this is the case by contacting the Thameside Signaller, and that the barriers are down and that the
crossing is clear, the train may proceed cautiously over the crossing. Any failure of the crossing equipment must be
reported to the Thameside Signaller as soon as possible.
Once a white light has been displayed for a movement to take place over the crossing, the movement should take place
as soon as possible.
If the start of the movement is delayed, the Shunter (Driver in absence of Shunter) must come to a clear understanding
with the Crossing Keeper as to whether the original movement is to take place and whenever possible again operate the
plunger to illuminate the white light.
                                                                                                              Dated: 15/07/17

EA1390 - BARKING TILBURY LINE JN EAST TO PITSEA JN (VIA
TILBURY)
PURFLEET

Signal UR656
Drivers of up electric locomotive-hauled trains, when stopping on the approach to signal UR656, should bring their train to
a stand no nearer to the signal than the signal post telephone located at the London end of Purfleet station platform.
This is intended to prevent the locomotive from coming to a stand with pantograph adjacent to the overhead line
equipment booster transformer.
                                                                                                              Dated: 08/10/11

EA1390 - BARKING TILBURY LINE JN EAST TO PITSEA JN (VIA
TILBURY)
GRAYS

Seabrooks Sidings
The sprung hand points facing to arriving trains in Seabrooks Sidings are provided with ground mounted indicator light
which will show a yellow light when the points are in the correct position. If the light is out, Drivers must stop at the points
and ensure that the points are fully closed before proceeding.
An Overheight Vehicle Alarm system is provided at the exits from Seabrooks Sidings to warn staff when an out of gauge
vehicle leaves the sidings. If the alarm sound s, the Signaller at Upminster IECC must be advised as soon as possible and
arrangements made for the train to be brought to a stand a quickly as possible.
Tilbury Rail Container Terminal
The Shunter is in charge of all movements within the Container Terminal and to and from Seabrooks siding. Drivers must
not start any movements without permission of the Shunter.
Movements within Tilbury Rail Container Terminal must comply with the “Terminal Local Working Instructions” which have
been issued by the Train Operator.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06




August 2006                                                   342
