                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW430 - YATE MIDDLE JN TO TYTHERINGTON
Entire Line Of Route

IRON ACTON BY-PASS AND LATTERIDGE LEVEL CROSSINGS

NOTE: Duties shown to be carried out by the Guard in this instruction must be carried out by the Shunter in the case of
D.O. trains or light locomotives.

These level crossings have gates operated by traincrew. The following instructions apply :
1. Hours of operation
Movements over Iron Acton By-pass level crossing are prohibited between 0745 and 0830, also between 1700 and 1800
hours.
2. Normal operation of crossing equipment
Below the “Stop” board is a cupboard, opened by BR.1 key, containing a control unit on which are mounted three push
buttons:
“Raise”
“Stop”
“Lower”
On the control unit at the down direction “Stop” board only a “Fail Lower” switch is also provided.
On the arrival at the “Stop” board the Guard must unlock the cupboard, depress the “Lower” button and hold it in. When
the button is depressed a red indicator light on the control unit illuminates to confirm that the road traffic signal and barrier
lowering sequence has started. The Guard must carefully observe the crossing throughout the lowering sequence and
ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers. Should it be necessary at any time to stop the barriers
descending, the “Lower” button must be released; doing this also extinguishes the red indicator light. To resume the
lowering sequence the “Lower” button must be depressed and held in again, which also re-illuminates the red indicator
light. When all barriers are fully lowered, the red indicator light has extinguished and a white indicator light illuminates, the
“Lower” button may be released.
Momentary depression of the “Raise” button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the
red road traffic signals will extinguish.
When the driver’s white light at the “Stop” board flashes the Guard MUST RELOCK THE CUPBOARD and rejoin the train.
The train may then proceed over the crossing.
An elevated indicator is provided for trains drawing away from each crossing which displays the letters “BU” to signify that
the barriers have risen behind a train that has passed clear. The Driver must ensure that the “BU” indicator illuminates by
the time their locomotive passes it.
3. Failure of crossing equipment
Traincrew must report any failure to the Signaller at Bristol signal box.
If the Drivers flashing white light at the “Stop” board fails, the train may proceed over the crossing provided that the Guard
gives the Driver an assurance that all barriers are fully lowered.
If the barriers fail to respond to depression of the “Lower” button, a second attempt must be made using the corresponding
button on the other control unit at the crossing. If this is also unsuccessful the Guard must contact the Signaller at Bristol
signal box who will arrange for an Attendant to provide assistance. On arrival at the crossing, the Attendant must operate
the “Fail Lower” switch on the control unit at the down direction “Stop” board to the “Start Lights Sequence” position. This
starts the usual road traffic signal sequence but the barriers will remain up. The Guard must then check that the red road
traffic signals are flashing and, when he/she is satisfied that it is safe to do so they must rejoin the train and instruct the
Driver to proceed. When the train has cleared the crossing the Attendant must restore the “Failed Lower” switch to
normal, ensure that the crossing has re-opened to road traffic, and relock both control unit cupboards.
If the barriers and red road traffic signals fail trains may pass over the crossing in clear weather during daylight hours
provided that the Guard can give the Driver an assurance that it is safe to do so. During the hours of darkness, or during
fog or falling snow, trains must not pass over the crossing until the failure has been rectified.
If the “BU” indicator fails to illuminate by the time the locomotive passes it, the Driver must stop the train as soon as
possible. If after waiting one minute the “BU” indicator still does not illuminate the Guard must advise the Signaller at
Bristol signal box. The train may then proceed normally. On arrival at the crossing the Attendant must observe the
position of the barriers. If they are not all fully raised he/she must go to the nearest control unit and depress the “Raise”
button; if this is unsuccessful he/she must try the corresponding button on the other control unit. If after these attempts
one or more barriers fail to rise completely the following action must be taken:




April 2009                                                    599
