                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW628 – LAIRA JN / LIPSON JN TO CATTEWATER
Laira Jn To Mount Gould Jn

Working of Down and Up Goods Branch line. Any movement of a train while on the Single line section, which is required to
be made in a direction opposite to that from which it entered the section, must be considered as a wrong direction
movement and the instructions in the Rule Book, Module TW7 will apply.
Propelling movements in either direction over this line are prohibited.
Lipson sidings. The Driver of any movement within or from the sidings must not proceed beyond the fouling point with an
adjoining siding without the permission of the Shunter in Charge.
Lipson sidings shunting indicators. The Shunter must operate the double-sided white light indicators, by means of the
plunger provided, for all propelling movements from the Down Goods line and Ocean sidings to Lipson sidings. Such
movements must not be commenced until the indicators are illuminated and must be brought to a stand immediately the
lights are extinguished. During a failure of the indicators movements must be controlled by handsignals.
Laira Maintenance Depot
General
During a failure of the indicators movements must be controlled by handsignals.
With the introduction of Depot Protection Systems at Great Western Railway Laira Depot, there is no longer a requirement
for Drivers to sound horns before entering sheds or buildings, at this location. Drivers should still stop the movement at the
entrance and proceed only when they have checked it is safe to do so.
Incoming Movements
No movement must enter Nos. 1-6 Roads, or 7-10 Roads from either end, until the appropriate signal has been cleared.
Movements through, on and off the Underframe Cleaning Pit must be carried out in accordance with the Great Western
Railway’s local depot protection procedure.
Outgoing Movements
The GWR shunter, production support staff must contact the signaller and advise the train reporting number and
destination.
Laira Flushing Apron - reduction of noise. To reduce the noise disturbance to neighbours, engines must be shut down on
arrival at Laira Flush Apron.
Engines can then be restarted and train supply switched on from the Friary end 10 minutes after arrival time to ensure air
is recreated and no delays are encountered. Drivers then to proceed to east end power car and set the cab up ready to
proceed towards the shed when authority is given.
If circumstances dictate, for instance cold weather, technical problems or several toilets need unblocking, the running of
engines will be allowed.
                                                                                                        Dated: 19/05/2018




April 2009                                                   630
