                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO MAINDEE WEST JN
HEREFORD

Traincrew relief arrangements. Trains requiring relief must stop at the undermentioned signals:-
                   Down Main line     - H57
                   Down Relief line - H51
                   Up Main line       - H8
                   Up Relief line     - H9
Trains arriving from the Ledbury direction. When a train other than a passenger or ECS train from the Ledbury direction
comes to a stand in the Down Main Platform or Down Passenger Loop Platform or Down Relief line and is likely to be
delayed for any reason, the Guard must satisfy himself that the train is complete with tail lamp and then operate the most
convenient "Train arrived complete" plunger for approximately one second.
White shunting lights. A white shunting light is provided at Brecon Curve Ground Frame for movements into the up sidings.
Diesel sidings. No. 1 siding is used to ‘turn back’ trains and should be kept clear unless a train is booked to stable on it.
The normal position of the hand point in no. 1 siding leading to the stabling siding is along no. 1 siding. Traincrews of
movements to and from the stabling siding should return the hand point to the normal position after passing through it.
No movement of stabled trains is to be made towards the exit of the sidings until the signaller’s permission has been
obtained. Unless the movement is to depart from the sidings, the signaller must be advised when the movement is
complete.
                                                                                                             Dated: 22/11/14

GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO NEWPORT, MAINDEE WEST JN
ABERGAVENNY / Y FENNI

Newport end Barrow crossing. The gates to this crossing must normally be kept closed and padlocked. Keys are held in
the station office. Station staff must obtain the Signaller’s permission by use of the telephones provided before unlocking
the crossing and accompanying passengers over the lines. The crossing must be padlocked immediately after use on
each occasion.
Up Goods loop. It will not normally be necessary for traincrew to advise Signallers that trains have arrived complete with
tail lamp in this goods loop. If the CCTV tail lamp camera has failed, Drivers will be advised to carry out the provisions of
Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 36.1.
                                                                                                             Dated: 11/05/19

GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO NEWPORT, MAINDEE WEST JN
PONTYPOOL / PONT-Y-PWL AND NEW INN

Carriage and Wagon Siding (Panteg). Before commencing work in the siding, the Person in Charge must ensure that the
wheel stop is placed across the rail. On completion of work, the wheel stop must be removed.
                                                                                                             Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                    649
