                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


GW731 - ABBEY FOREGATE TO RUABON
Abbey Foregate Maintenance Depot

Abbey Foregate Light Maintenance Depot (L.M.D.).
This facility consists of three stabling roads, named 1, 2 and 3 Shropshire sidings. There is also a wash road leading to a
stop block provided with 2, 4, and 6 car marker boards and a main siding used for shunting purposes only. Multiple Unit
Trains are stabled and cleaned on the three Shropshire sidings. There are also four ‘Goods Roads’, these are currently
clipped and locked out of use. A WMT Designated Person (DP) is planned to be on duty 24/7 to carry out shunting duties. If
for any reason there is no DP coverage, the WMT DP must inform the Signaller at Abbey Foregate box.
Notice boards lettered “Stop and Await Instructions” are provided to the left of the Up Main Shropshire Siding applicable to
movements towards the depot from the Abbey Foregate direction and to the left of the Up Main Shropshire Siding applicable
to movements along the siding from the Shrewsbury station direction.
Movements onto the Depot from Abbey Foregate SB.
When it is required to move a unit on to the L.M.D., the Driver must advise the WMT Designated Person (DP) giving details of
the unit involved. The WMT DP will inform the Signaller at Abbey Foregate box of the unit details and that permission is given
for that train to proceed as far as the “Stop and Await Instructions” board at the Abbey Foregate end of the depot. On receipt
of this permission, the Signaller at Abbey Foregate box may clear the appropriate signal for the movement to proceed to the
“Stop and Await Instructions” board.
Before authorising a movement to proceed from the “Stop and Await Instructions” board at the Abbey Foregate end of the
depot, the WMT DP must pre-set the siding points.
When an Up direction movement is to be made from the “Stop and Await Instructions” board on the Up Main Shropshire
Siding, the WMT DP will give permission to pass the stop board and will then stop the movement when it has passed clear of
the appropriate trailing points, then pre-set the points to allow the movement to proceed on to the Stabling/Servicing Roads.
If the Driver is unable to contact the WMT DP due to them not being on duty, the Driver must inform the Signaller at Abbey
Foregate box of their details and intentions. The Signaller at Abbey Foregate box will give permission for the movement to
pass the “Stop and Await Instructions” board and to proceed onto the depot. The Driver must carry out the instructions in
Rule Book, Module SS2 Shunting.
Movements off the Depot.
The WMT DP must obtain the permission of the Signaller at Abbey Foregate box before authorising any movement towards
the exit signals.
When it is known that the WMT DP is not on duty, the Driver must obtain the permission of the Signaller at Abbey Foregate
box, by means of the GSM-R before making any movement towards the exit signals.
Movements within the Depot.
All shunting movements within the sidings must be authorised by the WMT DP, however, if it is known that the WMT DP is
not on duty, the Driver must obtain the permission of the Signaller at Abbey Foregate box and then carry out the instructions
in Rule Book, Module SS2 Shunting.
                                                                                                         Dated: 28/12/2019
GW731 - ABBEY FOREGATE TO RUABON
SHREWSBURY
The Down Main line between Severn Bridge Junction points 103 and Crewe Junction points 47 is temporarily out of use.
Down Main line track circuit ‘T106’ is disconnected.
Possession limits boards and red lights are positioned at each end of the Down Main line. Reminder appliances are placed
on levers controlling signals that read towards the Down Main line and points are secured where appropriate.
The Up Siding (back line) adjacent to Howard Street landing is temporarily out of use from 171m 39ch to the stop blocks at
Howard Street Landing. Temporary sleeper stop blocks and a possession limit board are provided at 171m 39ch. This
arrangement permits the stabling of one tamping machine between the temporary stop block and shunting signal SBJ41.
Goods trains are prohibited from using the Down Main Platform line (Platform 3) at Shrewsbury until further notice due to the
condition of an under bridge.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06
GW733 – SUTTON BRIDGE JUNCTION TO ABERYSTWYTH
Talerddig
If a traction unit not fitted with ERTMS is stabled in the Up Siding unattached to an ERTMS-fitted train, a NOT TO BE
MOVED board or red flag must be attached to it. This must be done by the person in charge of the traction unit before the
fitted train is detached. The NOT TO BE MOVED board or red flag must not be removed until an ERTMS-fitted train is again
ready to attach.
                                                                                                            Dated: 19/03/11



April 2009                                                 650
