                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW720 - USKMOUTH TO EAST USK JN
Entire Line Of Route
Before departure from Uskmouth, drivers must obtain permission from the signaller to pass the stop board at the power
station gates and proceed on the single line towards East Usk Junction.
Provided the previous train has arrived at Uskmouth complete with tail lamp and has passed beyond the end of section
board the signaller may permit a second train to occupy the branch as far as Birdport Terminal only or to allow for
engineering operations. Movements from East Usk Junction to Birdport Terminal and return must convey the train staff
throughout.
The single line section must be clear throughout between signals NT1350 / NT1347 at East Usk Junction and the ‘end /
commencement of token section’ boards at Uskmouth before the train staff is either transferred by road or used for
engineering operations.
The person requiring possession of the train staff (Person in Charge of the train staff / movement - PiC) must contact the
signaller for permission to obtain the train staff.
The PiC must also provide the signaller with the following information and assurances :
    •    an explanation as to why the train staff is required
    •    confirmation that the train is complete with tail lamp and is clear of the single line
    •    details of subsequent train movements or engineering work.
If the train staff is obtained at Uskmouth, the PiC must obtain the signallers permission in the presence of the driver. The
PiC must instruct the driver to make no further movements on the single line section until the train staff returns.
If the train staff is obtained from East Usk Junction, the PiC must ask the signaller to release the train staff from the
release instrument adjacent to signals NT1350 / NT1347.
If permission is given to transfer the train staff by road, the PiC must proceed immediately with the train staff to the
opposite end of the line. The signaller’s permission must then be obtained to either replace the train staff into the release
instrument at East Usk Junction or issue it to the driver at Uskmouth.
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/06/13

GW730 - SEVERN BRIDGE JN TO NEWPORT, MAINDEE WEST JN
Coleham Light Maintenance Depot
This depot is situated on the up side of the line between Sutton Bridge Junction and Shrewsbury, English Bridge Jn.
The depot consists of two sidings: No.1 siding is situated next to the Up Main line and No.2 siding is provided with a
covered maintenance facility and an inspection pit.
Hand operated points are provided at the Shrewsbury end of the depot, connecting No.1 and No.2 sidings. A new head
shunt is provided beyond No.2 siding at the Shrewsbury end of the depot.
Depot protection devices are provided 3 metres beyond the depot access gates to prevent unauthorised entry in the up
direction.
Stop Boards labelled ‘Stop – Obtain permission before proceeding’ are provided in the Civil Engineers’ siding and No.1 /
No.2 sidings to protect the Shunt Neck and points controlled from Sutton Bridge Junction signal box. Permission to pass
these stop boards must be obtained from the Signaller at Sutton Bridge Junction signal box.
Movements on the portion of line between the stop board in No.1 siding and points 33A (controlled from Sutton Bridge
Junction signal box) are permitted in the down direction (toward Hereford) only. Movements to No.1 siding from the Shunt
Neck are prohibited.
Permission to enter the depot must be obtained from the Person in Charge of the depot.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/11/09




April 2009                                                      647
