                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW510 - WESTBURY NORTH JN TO BATHAMPTON JN
BRADFORD-ON-AVON

Greenland Mill level crossing. Two plungers are provided on the Up platform, one 20 yards and one 80 yards from signal
W186, for the Guard of a stopping train to indicate to the Signaller that station duties have been completed.

During station duties, the Guard must operate one of the plungers for about one second, after which they must
immediately rejoin their train. When signal W186 clears to a green aspect, the Guard may then give the signal to start to
the Driver.

If signal W186 is not cleared after one minute, the Guard must advise the Signaller by means of the telephone at that
signal.
                                                                                                         Dated: 13/01/18

GW520 - WESTBURY EAST LOOP JN TO HAWKERIDGE JN
Hawkeridge Jn

Traincrews' relief arrangements - Hawkeridge. Trains requiring relief on the chord line should be brought to a stand at the
farm crossing at 95¼ mp. Guards of passenger trains should obtain relief from the leading vehicle. If relief is not
immediately available, trains may be diverted into Westbury.
The Westbury Movements Supervisor and the Signaller must liaise to ensure that these arrangements are carried out
promptly.
                                                                                                         Dated: 05/08/06


GW528 - BRISTOL, NORTH SOMERSET JN TO BRISTOL WEST JN VIA
ST. PHILIPS MARSH
St. Philips Marsh

The Person in Charge at St Phillips Marsh (PiC) is responsible for all movements in the depot area between signals
BL2066/BL2068 at the North Somerset Junction end and signals PM31/PM33 at the Bristol West Junction end.
The signaller will get permission from the PiC before routing a train towards signal PM326 or PM632.
ST PHILIP'S MARSH HST DEPOT - DEPOT PROTECTION ARRANGEMENTS
Depot protection consists of “Stop and Await Instructions” boards, which are positioned at the entrance to each shed road,
controlling movement of traction units/ vehicles entering/ leaving working areas.
Additional protection is provided by:-
Multi-status indicators above the shed roads (showing a steady blue light or a flashing orange).
Sirens/bells warning of vehicle movement.
Removable rail stops on 'C' road.
Removable "stop" boards displaying a red light (tardis).
All movements of traction units/vehicles take place under the control of the PiC. They are responsible for informing
Drivers of the type of depot protection in use, to ensure the safety of staff and movements and for authorising them to
make a movement beyond a "Stop and Await Instructions" board.




April 2009                                                  612
