                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW430 - YATE MIDDLE JN TO TYTHERINGTON
Tytherington

NOTE: Duties shown to be carried out by the Guard in this instruction must be carried out by the Shunter in the case of
      D.O. trains or light locomotives.
Arriving trains
The permission of the firm’s Person-in-Charge of Loading at the Quarry (PICL) must be obtained to pass the “Stop - Await
Instructions” board. Having also reached a clear understanding with the PICL as to the loading method to be employed,
the Guard must ensure the wheelstop has been lowered and that facing points are correctly set for the Loading Siding
before instructing the Driver to proceed.
Loading of trains
During the loading of traffic from the ground by means of mechanical shovel, all train movements must be controlled by
handsignals from the Guard.
When overhead loading equipment is used, all train movements must normally be controlled by means of white control
lights sited alongside the Loading Siding which display the following indications:
•   Steady White Light - move forward at SLOW walking pace
•   Lights extinguished - STOP
•   Flashing White Light - set back at SLOW walking pace
Should the lights fail, the Guard must contact Train Operating Company management, who will arrange provision of “back-
to-back” radios. When such radios are in use the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 5.2 (b) apply.
The PICL will advise the Guard when loading operations have been completed and will instruct the Driver that no further
movements will be made on the authority of the white control lights.
Should material spill onto the ground which requires immediate attention the Guard must arrange for loading to cease
immediately. The Guard must divide the train at the appropriate point, securing the non-locomotive portion with at least
SIX handbrakes. The portion remaining attached to the locomotive must then be drawn forward by at least 50 feet. The
Guard must then open the rear brake cock to prevent further movement.
When satisfied that the site is secure the Guard must authorise the PICL to remove the spillage. When the spillage has
been cleared, the Guard must obtain an assurance from the PICL that all personnel and equipment are clear of the site
and that loading may resume. The Guard must then re-marshal the train, release any handbrakes, and carry out a brake
continuity test before allowing the PICL to resume loading.
Locomotive run-round
Before the train locomotive is detached in the Loading Siding, the Guard must apply handbrakes to at least SIX wagons at
the leading (i.e. locomotive) end of the train which must not be released until the locomotive is attached at the Yate end of
the train and the continuous brake is operative throughout. If there is any delay in transferring the locomotive to the Yate
end of the train, handbrakes must be applied to not less than SIX wagons at the Yate end.
The handpoints at the Grovesend end of the Loading Siding must always be kept clipped towards the Loading Siding,
except when being used for locomotive run-round.
Shunting
Extreme care must be taken when shunting due to the severe gradients. The only shunting operations permitted are:
(i)      removal of red-carded wagons
(ii)     attachment of repaired wagons
(iii)    remarshalling in order to comply with the Brake Regulations
Before detaching/ stabling any wagons to the Yate side of the handpoints leading to the Cripple Sidings the wheelstop
near the incoming “Stop - Await Instructions” board must be raised. A minimum of SIX handbrakes must be applied to the
stabled wagons. The wheelstop must not be lowered until the train is re-formed and a brake continuity test carried out.
Departing trains
The Guard must ensure before departure that any loose material/ stone that could fall from wagons is removed prior to
departure, and arrange with the PICL for this to be done. Until the Guard is satisfied that the material concerned has been
removed, the train must not be permitted to depart.
Trains must depart from the Loading Siding only. The Guard is responsible for authorising the Driver to pass the outgoing
“Stop - Await Instructions” board.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/12/15




April 2009                                                  597
