                              Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW877 - TONDU TO PORT TALBOT DOCKS (OGMORE VALE
EXTENSION)
Aberbaiden Parc Slip

Celtic Energy: Parc Slip Opencast Disposal Point. Inward trains must enter the siding at the South ground frame and be
brought to a stand at the “Stop - Await Instructions” board on the approach to the weighbridge. The South ground frame
must be restored to the normal position as soon as the train has arrived complete in the siding.
Before movement is made beyond the “Stop” board on arrival, the Travelling Shunter must satisfy himself that the line
ahead is unobstructed and obtain the permission of Celtic Energy’s Person-in-Charge (PiC) for the train to proceed,
reaching a clear understanding as to the sequence of movements required.
All movements in the siding must be conducted by radio. Any propelled movement must be preceded by the Travelling
Shunter on foot. The Driver and the Travelling Shunter must obtain shunting radios from Celtic Energy’s PiC, which must
be tested before movements start. The Travelling Shunter’s set is equipped with a confidence tone microphone.
The train must then be drawn across the weighbridge and stop with the first six wagons adjacent to the loading pad.
When these wagons have been loaded, the train must again draw forward so that the next six wagons are adjacent to the
loading pad; this process must be repeated until the whole train has been loaded.
On completion of loading, the train must be propelled behind the “Stop” board in order that the train can be gross weighed.
When gross weighing has been carried out the Travelling Shunter must walk back to the locomotive, examining one side
of the train en route. Sufficient handbrakes must be applied to secure the train for the run round movement.
The locomotive must then be run round the train via the North and the South ground frames. When the locomotive has
been re-attached at the Margam end, the Travelling Shunter must walk back to the rear, examining the other side of the
train.
Any crippled wagons must be dealt with by propelling the train back through the loading pad towards the headshunt at the
Tondu end, for detachment in the Cripple Siding. The Travelling Shunter must ensure that the scotch block at the
entrance to the Cripple Siding has been unlocked and removed before use, and relocked with the key returned to Celtic
Energy’s PiC when movements are completed.
The shunting radios must be returned to Celtic Energy’s PiC once the train has drawn out of the siding clear of the South
ground frame, prior to departure towards Margam.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/08/06

GW877 - TONDU TO PORT TALBOT DOCKS
Margam Abbey Works East Junction

Departure of trains to OVE (Tondu) line. After obtaining the token from the "No Signaller" instrument, the Driver must
additionally contact the Port Talbot Signaller by telephone from the appropriate starting signal PT.3348/PT.3482, advising
them that they are in possession of the section token and requesting clearance of the starting signal.
                                                                                                        Dated: 10/04/07

GW877 - TONDU TO PORT TALBOT DOCKS
(Tondu)

Exchange of tokens. Immediately Up trains are brought to a stand at the Up Branch Inner Home signal TU59, the Driver
must convey the token to the signal box.
The Guard (Driver in the case of a D.O. train) must advise the Signaller by means of the telephone provided when the
train has cleared the Single line and that the train is complete.
                                                                                                        Dated: 10/04/07




April 2009                                                 669
