                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW560 - HEYWOOD ROAD JN TO FAIRWOOD JN VIA WESTBURY
WESTBURY

Shunting movements – station area. The following table shows a preferred shunting route that will be used when there is
more than one option available. There is no single preferred shunting route at Westbury North.
Location          Shunt Details

South End         Carriage sidings to platforms 1, 2 or 3 via Westbury South and vice versa. Route to Up Trowbridge
                  Siding to reverse behind signal W720 then via the Up Reception line to Westbury South.

Where additional shunting routes are available to those listed, liaison between the signaller and the driver must always be
undertaken before any movement is made.
Westbury platform 2 - carriage cleaning. Rule book, modules T10 and TW1 apply as appropriate. The carriage cleaner
will comply with the requirements of the “designated person” referred to in module T10.
Down Reception line. Persons carrying out train examinations on this line in accordance with rule book, module T10 must
inform the signaller when work has been completed and protection removed
The Down Reception line contains a curve with a radius of 96 metres at the Westbury South end between points 858 and
signal W202. All vehicles using this line must be capable of negotiating such a curve. The following train types are
prohibited at the Westbury South end :
    •    Loaded long welded rail delivery trains
    •    Class 153 and 158 DMU’S
“Set Back” Indicators. The person in charge of propelling movements from the Down Main and Down Salisbury lines to
the sidings is responsible for the operation of the plunger which illuminates the set-back indicators.
Such movements must not be commenced until the indicators are illuminated and must be brought to a stand immediately
the lights are extinguished. If the indicators fail, movements must be controlled by back-to-back radios.
Westbury DMU Sidings. These sidings are used for the shunting and stabling of GWR DMU vehicles and the siding
capacity is as follows:
Siding identity                      Capacity (per single 23m              Length
                                     vehicle)

Stump Road                           1 x 15x DMU                           42 metres

No. 1                                7 x 15x DMU                           165 metres

No. 2                                7 x 15x DMU                           165 metres



Instructions for trains entering the DMU sidings. All movements within the sidings must not exceed 5 mph. Trains must
be brought to a stand at the “STOP check points” board on the “in” road. Drivers must not proceed until they have
ensured that no conflicting movements are taking place and that the hand points are set in the correct position.
Stabling of trains. The driver must ensure that no part of the train is left foul of any siding, points, walking routes or stop
boards. If this is unavoidable the length of time the train is left foul must be kept to a minimum and details must be given
to the Westbury signaller.
Drivers of trains leaving the sidings from either the Coach road or no. 1 siding must not make any movement beyond the
“STOP” board located between these two sidings until permission has been obtained from the signaller to proceed to
signal W719. Drivers must not proceed until they have ensured that no conflicting movements are taking place and that
the hand points are set in the correct position.
Drivers of trains leaving the sidings from no. 2 siding must normally exit via the “out road” and signal W721. Drivers must
not make any movement beyond the “STOP” board on no. 2 siding until permission has been obtained from the signaller
to proceed to signal W721. Drivers must not proceed until they have ensured that no conflicting movements are taking
place and that the hand points are set in the correct position.
If it is necessary to exit no. 2 siding via the “in road” and signal W719, the driver must come to a clear understanding with
the signaller about the movement required and not pass the “STOP” board until permission has been obtained and must
not proceed until they have ensured that no conflicting movements are taking place and that the hand points are in the
correct position.




April 2009                                                    614
