                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW450 - STOKE GIFFORD JN TO BRISTOL EAST JN
Barton Hill Depot

Bristol Barton Hill Depot (the depot) consists of 19 sidings.
    Sidings 1 to 8 and 10 to 14,
    Shop sidings 1, 2 and 3,
    PPM Shed and
    Gloucester Sidings 1 and 2
Definitions used in these instructions
The Person-in-Charge (PiC) is the person responsible, when on duty, for all movements in the depot area (including arrival
and departure).
When the PiC is not on duty, the driver of the movement concerned will be the PiC.
Movement to the depot
The Temple Meads signaller (Didcot, TVSC) must be told when the PiC of the depot starts and leaves duty.
Movements from Bristol Temple Meads (including the High Level Siding) or Lawrence Hill towards the depot must only be
made with permission from the PiC.
Movement of trains between Bristol Temple Meads station and the depot
A train may be propelled to or from the depot subject to the following conditions:
    Length must not exceed 36 SLU
    Control the movement by radio
    The shunter must ride in the leading vehicle (which must have a brake valve)
    Continuous brake must be operative on all vehicles
    Maximum speed 5 mph
    Movements are prohibited during darkness or poor visibility
Movement of trains between the depot and Up Filton Relief line
The driver of a movement from Barton Hill depot (Filton end) to the Up Filton Relief line must wait for position-light signal
BL6628 to show a proceed aspect (or receive instructions from the signaller to pass it at danger) before passing stop
board BL6628-A (maintenance shed) or BL6628-B (wash plant).
                                                                                                            Dated: 09/06/2018

GW450 - STOKE GIFFORD JN TO BRISTOL EAST JN
FILTON ABBEY WOOD
The terminating of a down train at Filton Abbey Wood platform 2 (Up Filton Main line), and subsequent turning back
toward Filton Junction No.1 is prohibited.
The station platforms can accommodate trains of up to 108 metres, equivalent to 4x23m, 5x20m or 6x15m coach
formations. Trains exceeding 108m may call in any of the following circumstances :
    •    selective door release is available which allows passengers to use platformed doors only
    •    the extremities of the train are off the platform but all passenger doors are platformed
    •    where Train Operating Company instructions state that unplatformed doors or units must be locked out of
         passenger use for all or part of the journey.
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/10/2019
GW450 - STOKE GIFFORD JN TO BRISTOL EAST JN
Lawrence Hill GF To Barrow Road Sidings
The line of route is out of use until further notice and all associated local instructions are suspended.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/04/2018




April 2009                                                      602
