                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
STOCKLEY BRIDGE JUNCTION To WEST DRAYTON

Two sidings are provided at this stone terminal as follows :-
No. 1 siding (adjacent to Up Relief Line, Slough side of hopper).
No. 2 siding (hopper siding)
A Person in Charge of movements (PiC) must be appointed at this site who will usually be the Freight train Operating
Company ground staff member. The PiC must advise the signaller of their name and contact telephone number when
taking duty. The signaller must also be advised when there is a change of PIC or when the PIC goes off duty.
The PiC is in charge of all movements except for the forward positioning of a train for unloading. These movements must
be undertaken by the Hanson operator who must be fully trained in radio protocol. Hanson operators are not authorised to
perform any propelling movements, splitting of trains or attaching / detaching wagons.
Fouling points are highlighted by yellow painted sleepers and are provided as guidance to the PiC and driver. Should the
PIC need to book off duty with any vehicle left stabled foul they must communicate this to the next PiC.
The PiC will contact the signaller and ask for back to back signals SN6207 and SN6208 to be cleared. This call must be
made from the signal post telephone located on the palisade fencing on the cess side of Dawley Goods Loop next to
signal SN6207.
The PiC must observe that points are set and the signal concerned is cleared for the propelling movement. The PiC must
obtain permission from the Hanson operator to enter the sidings before giving the driver permission to commence
movements. The PiC must be located in a position of safety clear of all lines whilst propelling the train into the sidings.
The driver must ensure that the signal SN6208 is showing a proceed aspect after the first wagon has been discharged and
before and further forward movement takes place.


                                                                                                        Dated: 23/05/15




April 2009                                                  541A
