                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
EXETER ST. DAVIDS

Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available.
Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
Location            Shunt details
West end            Platforms 4, 5 & 6 to Exeter engineering depot and vice versa – To Up Main line limit
                    of shunt signal and return from E.35 or E.677 as appropriate
                    Platforms 4, 5, 6 & Exeter engineering depot to Platforms 1 & 3 and vice versa – To
                    Down Main line signal E.62 and return from E.679
                    Platform 1 to Platform 3 and vice versa – To Down Waterloo line (Up direction)
                    signal E.313 and return from E.335
East end            Platforms 1, 2, 3 & Hyde Park Siding to Platforms 1, 2, 3 & Hyde Park Siding – To
                    Shunting Spur or New Yard and return from E.666 or E.668
                    Platforms 1, 2, 3 & Hyde Park Siding to Platforms 4, 5 & 6 and vice versa – To up
                    Main line signal E.41 and return from E.664


Barrow Crossing at Plymouth end of the station. The crossing between platforms 5 and 6 and the signal box / engineering
depot is classified as an authorised walking use and staff must wear appropriate high visibility clothing and cross only
when the white lights are illuminated. The crossing between platforms 5 and 6, 3 and 4 and 1 is a station barrow crossing
and local instructions apply to its use.
Exeter Engineering Depot. At the commencement of each turn of duty, the shunter must contact the signaller and
exchange contact details and names. The signaller will then only accept that person’s authority for movements to and
from the depot sidings. The shunter must give authority before the following movements are made and a clear
understanding must be reached with the signaller :
a)   towards the depot from position light signals E677 and E671. Drivers of arriving trains must stop at the ‘stop and
     await instructions’ boards at the entrance to the depot and wait the shunter’s permission to proceed
b)   from sidings 1 to 6 (West Yard) towards signal E560
c)   from sidings 7 to 12 (Stables) towards signal E558.
Depot protection system. A depot protection system operates within the engineering depot. In accordance with the rule
book, the duty shunter is responsible for all movements to, from and within the engineering depot sidings 1 to 12 inclusive.
Maintenance sidings 6, 7, 8 and 10 are fitted with derailers. The normal position for the derailers is locked in the up
position.
Maintenance siding 10 is fitted with two wheel stops and the normal position for these is locked in the down position.
These wheel stops will only be used as directed by the duty shunter during lifting operations.
The shunter is responsible for the operation of the engineering depot protection systems.
All visiting staff and drivers of visiting locomotives and trains must seek the authority of, and comply with instructions given
by, the duty shunter. They must also comply with the engineering deport protection procedures.
                                                                                                             Dated: 23/08/14
.




April 2009                                                    561
