                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW620 - NEWTON ABBOT WEST JN TO PAIGNTON
PAIGNTON

Paignton Crossover Ground Frame. The ground frame is released by the Dart Valley Railway (DVR) Annett's key and the
unlocking of a padlock, the key to which is held by the Signaller. When the ground frame has been restored to normal, the
Person in Charge must ensure that the padlock is re-secured and the key returned to the Signaller.
Movements to and from the DVR (Kingswear Branch). The movement of DVR locomotives to Network Rail lines is
prohibited, except in connection with the through working of trains from Network Rail lines to Kingswear or when specially
authorised.
All movements to the Kingswear line must be authorised by the DVR representative at Paignton.
Failure, obstruction or other work affecting or likely to affect the DVR lines. No obstruction by Network Rail, its Contractors
or Train Companies of the adjacent DVR lines between 222m 19ch and 222m 60ch must be permitted unless the DVR
representative has first given permission.
Transfer of traffic to DVR. The TOC Shunter must attach and detach TOC locomotives. The DVR Shunter is responsible
for attaching and detaching DVR locomotives.
Between Paignton main line Station and Paignton DVR Station
Traffic must be worked to the Kingswear Line and brought to a stand clear (Kingswear side) of the Main line connection.
The on-going locomotive must be attached at that point.
Through trains from Network Rail to Kingswear DVR
The DVR locomotive must be attached at Paignton Network Rail Station if required and the train worked from that point by
DVR traincrew.
Protective covers are provided on all manual raise buttons, with a note stating “Prior to Operation of Manual Raise, contact
the Signaller”.
Through trains from Kingswear DVR to Network Rail lines
The train must be brought to a stand clear the Kingswear side of Paignton Crossover ground frame points. The DVR
locomotive must be detached at that point if required and the train worked forward by a TOC locomotive and traincrew.
After the TOC locomotive has been coupled to the train or vehicles, the continuous brake must be released manually on
all vehicles and a brake test carried out.
Paignton South TMO Level Crossing
Train Operating Company Traincrew are responsible for the operation of Paignton South TMO Level Crossing barriers.
Goodrington Sidings.
When a person In Charge has been Appointed
A Person in Charge (PIC) can be either appointed from the Train Operating Company or Network Rail Operations staff.
The PIC is responsible for all movements entering, within or leaving the sidings. The PIC will contact the signaller for
permission for any movement to proceed from Goodrington Sidings towards position light PN.12 signal. The Signaller will
contact the PIC for permission for any movement towards Goodrington Sidings, before clearing either PN.7 or PN.9
signals.
When no Person In Charge has been Appointed
When a train or trains are already in the sidings, the signaller will advise drivers of the circumstances.
All down direction movements must pass complete into one of the yard sidings and must proceed far enough to ensure
that the Paignton end of the train is clear of the points concerned. It is the responsibility of the train crew to ensure that the
Paignton end hand points are moved (in rear of their train), to ensure the road is set for any subsequent movement to the
sidings.
Drivers must contact the signaller to obtain permission to proceed towards position light signal PN.12, before any
movement is made from the sidings. If a train is required to run round in the Sidings, the driver will reach a clear
understanding with the signaller as to what is required.
A telephone is provided near the hands point connecting siding 2 to sidings 3 and 4.
Diesel Engine Noise. In order to minimise disturbance to nearby residents, from the noise of stationary locomotives or
multiple unit trains, the following arrangements apply : -
Diesel engines must be started five minutes prior to departure time from the sidings.
Power for air conditioning/heating purposes need not be applied but in extremely cold weather the engine may be run for
cab heating.



April 2009                                                     627
