                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2
The Guard will regard the indication from the Person in Charge as signifying that these duties have been carried out.
Changeover/Run-round of Locomotives. In accordance with the Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 6, all locomotive run-
round movements must be accompanied by a Shunter or other competent person, in the opposite end cab to the Driver.
The Driver making the movement must do so from the cab leading on arrival in order to comply with Section 6.

                                                                                                            Dated: 03/08/19

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
Reading Feeder Main and Relief lines
The Train Operating Company concerned must advise the signaller if a train is running on reduced power that is planned
to use these lines. Due to the gradients concerned, the signaller will attempt to give the train a clear run and not detain it
at the signals at each end unless absolutely unavoidable.

                                                                                                            Dated: 07/04/15

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
Reading Train Care Depot (RTCD)
Three connections are provided between RTCD and the main running lines as follows :
Depot Entrance E – East end – at Reading Station West
Depot Entrance C – Central – near Reading West Junction
Depot Entrance A – West end – at Scours Lane
Responsibility for movements within RTCD rests with the Train Movements Controller (TMC). This person can be
contacted on 01189 089 142. A direct dial phone and emergency alarm is also provided between RTCD and TVSC.
Depot Entrance E
Movements towards the depot – Upon receipt of the train ready to start indication for the train concerned, the signaller will
operate the ‘release request’ display associated with signals T1719 platform 13, T1721 platform 14 or T1723 platform 15
as appropriate. RTCD equipment displays descriptions for trains standing at these signals once the ‘release request’
display is operated. Provided the depot can accept the movement concerned, the TMC must set the appropriate internal
depot route.
The TMC must acknowledge the ‘release request’ which will allow the signaller to set the route from the signal concerned.
If the TMC sets the route to main aspect fixed red signal RD15 on the East Run Round line, signals T1719, T1721 or
T1723 will display a main aspect accompanied by route indicator ‘D’. If the TMC sets another route to one of the East
Sidings, these signals will display a position light aspect only and drivers must obtain routing information from an indicator
on the depot side of signal T1708.
Movements from the depot – No slotting arrangements are provided. The TMC must input the train description when it is
ready to leave from one of the signals within the depot that route towards signal T1708. Upon receipt of the train
description, the signaller will set the route from signal T1708 as appropriate. The signals controlling movements from the
depot sidings towards signal T1708 will not clear until the signaller has set the route from T1708. Points 8448 are auto-
normalising.
Depot Entrance C
Movements towards the depot – The signaller will operate the ‘release request’ display associated with signal T1747 for
the movement concerned. RTCD equipment displays descriptions when trains are approaching this signal.
To prevent the Up Relief line being occupied for too long, the signaller will operate the ‘release request’ display or obtain
verbal permission for the movement before it leaves the station area. Provided the depot can accept the movement
concerned, the TMC must acknowledge the ‘release request’ and set the route within the depot to signal RD51. The TMC
must then operate the release for signal T1747 and points 8474 so that the signaller can set the position light route from
signal T1747.
Movements from the depot – The TMC can make movements along the depot lines over points 8474 in the normal
position without reference to the signaller. No slotting arrangements are provided. The TMC must input the train
description when it is ready and waiting at signal T1740 and operate the points release. The TMC must then release the
points so that the signaller can set the route from signal T1740 as appropriate. Points 8474 are auto-normalising.
Depot Entrance A
Movements towards the depot – The signaller will operate the ‘release request’ display associated with signal T1754 for
the movement concerned. RTCD equipment displays descriptions when trains are approaching this signal.
Movements from the depot – No slotting arrangements are provided. The TMC must input the train description when it is
ready to leave from one of the signals within the depot that route towards signal T1763. Upon receipt of the train
description, the signaller will set the route from signal T1763 as appropriate. The signals controlling movements from the
depot sidings towards signal T1763 will not clear until the signaller has set the route from signal T1763. Points 8489 are
auto-normalising.
Bridge strikes – RTCD lines also pass over Cow Lane (36m 54ch) and Little John’s Lane (37m 17ch) road bridges. If
reports are received of either of these bridges being struck by road vehicles the signaller will advise the TMC immediately
and agree what action to take.
                                                                                                            Dated: 13/09/15
April 2009                                                   545
