                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
KEYHAM

Shunting. No movement must be made over the up line on the falling gradient towards the "Limit of Shunt" indicator unless
the locomotive is at the lower end.
The loose shunting of vehicles into the Coke siding is prohibited.
Devonport Dockyard Branch. The section of line between the Stop Board at the entrance gate to HMS Drake and the
Stop Board at the exchange sidings is worked by train staff and is under the control of the Person in Charge of the
Dockyard Branch.
No movement must be made over this section of line unless the Driver is accompanied by the Person in Charge of the
Dockyard Branch who will show the train staff to the Driver before a train enters the Branch. The train staff must be shown
to each Driver if more than one locomotive is working a train. In these circumstances, the Person in Charge of the
Dockyard Branch must accompany the Driver of the leading locomotive. In the case of a propelled movement the Person
in charge of the Dockyard Branch must accompany the Driver after showing the Train Staff to the Person in Charge of the
movement.
Movements between the gates at Keyham and the Dockyard Sidings may only be propelled if a saloon which is fitted with
a horn, brake and communication with the Driver, is provided at the leading end in which a competent person who will be
in charge of the movement must ride. All other movements must be hauled and must not exceed 42 SLUs.
Trains may only pass “Stop” Boards on the Dockyard Branch on the authority of the Person in Charge of the Dockyard
Branch.
                                                                                                              Dated: 04/04/09

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
St. Budeaux Jn

Failure of signals controlling movements to and from the Gunnislake line. If a failure prevents signal P64 being cleared for
a Down train for the Gunnislake line, the Driver may be authorised by the Signaller to pass the signal at Danger provided
the Signaller is satisfied that the line between the junction and Victoria Road Halt is clear and that the train staff is in the
instrument at Victoria Road Halt.
Similarly, if a failure prevents signal P305 being cleared for an Up train, after the train staff has been placed in the
instrument at Victoria Road Halt, the Driver may be authorised to pass the signal at Danger after being given an
assurance that the signal section in advance is clear.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
SALTASH

Shunting. No movement must be made over the Up line on the falling gradient towards the "Limit of Shunt" indicator
unless the locomotive is at the lower end.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
LISKEARD

Detaching vehicles on Main line. When vehicles are left on the Main lines without a locomotive attached, they must be
adequately secured and the Person in Charge of the movement must remain with the vehicles.
Use of the Generator Crossing. This crossing may only be used when the line is protected in accordance with Rule Book,
Module TS1, Regulation 13.4. The normal position of the barrier is locked against road use. The user must obtain the key
from Liskeard signalbox. After use the barrier must be padlocked and the key returned to the signalbox.
                                                                                                              Dated: 04/06/11




April 2009                                                    566
