                                                     OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




ERTMS GENERAL ITEMS
ERTMS Level 2 Lineside signs
At some locations, block markers indicate the position of an End of Authority (EOA). They consist of a reflective
square showing a yellow arrow on a blue background. The arrow points to the line to which the marker applies.
Not all Ends of Authority are marked on the lineside.
Shunt entry boards indicate to a driver when the train is clear of infrastructure that would otherwise be locked by
the presence of the train. They also mark the entry to a shunt route. They consist of a reflective board showing
a white chevron on a violet background.
See handbook RS/521 Section 4


ERTMS geographical position function
This in-cab function is not reliable and must not be used by drivers. If it is necessary for a driver to define the
location of a train this must be done by referring to its position in miles and chains and any other relevant local
information.


Position-light signals
If the signaller is unable to clear subsidiary signals MH1093 or MH1096 from the Aberystwyth siding the driver
must, in addition to complying with Rule Book Module S5, Section 2.2, be issued with written order 01.
The driver must not press ‘override’ if the train is already in SR mode.


DMI display – operating modes
Non-leading (NL) mode
Class 158 trains are not provided with a facility for the driver to select NL mode. Although the NL facility is fitted
to class 97 locomotives it is not to be used.


ERTMS train awakening areas
Train awakening areas are provided at all block markers, shunt entry boards and unmarked EOAs except at the
following block markers protecting CCTV level crossings :
• MH1052 and MH1051 at Llanidloes Road crossing
• MH1054 and MH1053 at Caersws crossing
• MH1056 and MH1055 at Weig Lane crossing
• MH1251 and MH1252 at Merllyn crossing.

SH selected by driver
Drivers must not select SH mode for movements on running lines except :
• when it is necessary to make a propelling movement in accordance with the rules and regulations
• when an attaching movement of more than 2 metres is required.
In these circumstances, the driver must not select SH until the signaller gives permission for the movement to be
made.
The driver must inform the signaller when the shunt movement has been completed and the train is no longer in
SH mode.
See separate instructions for movements to and from sidings.

Entering an ERTMS area from a siding (Rule Book, Module S7, Section 1.4)
‘Start of cab signalling’ boards are provided at some locations when entering a running line from a siding. In this
case the driver will not obtain an MA until the train has passed the associated stop board.




April 2009                                              58H
