                                                            OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

Drivers are responsible for:
    •    Reaching a clear understanding with the signaller about the movements to be made
    •    Checking that nothing is attached to the train prior to preparing or shunting within the sidings including “not to be
         moved” boards.
    •    Not proceeding until they have ensured that no conflicting movements are taking place , ensuring that all hand
         points (trailing and facing) are correctly set for each movement
    •    Ensuring that when reversing over points, trains are stopped in such a position that affords a clear view of the
         points that require to be moved
    •    Not allowing their trains to run through trailing points
    •    Obtaining authority to pass “STOP” boards within the sidings before any shunting movements commence.
After completion of movements, the driver should contact the signaller and confirm that all operations have ceased and
state the location of trains. The driver must also provide an assurance that trains have not been left foul of other lines or
points.
Maintenance work must not be performed on any vehicle without personal protection being applied and the controlling
signaller advised if appropriate. The provisions of rule book, module TS1, section 13 apply.
Occurrances within the sidings Any occurrence taking place within the sidings must be reported to the signaller.
South West Track Recycling Centre All trains entering the sidings (Recycling 1, Recycling 2 (recycling maintenance 1 and
recycling maintenance 2) must be brought to a stand at the “STOP” board on the “in road”. Drivers must not proceed until
they have ensured that no conflicting movement is taking place and that the hand points are set in the correct position.
Drivers of trains leaving the Recycling Centre sidings (Recycling 1, Recycling 2, Recycling Maintenance 1 and Recycling
Maintenance 2) must normally exit via the “out road” and signal W719. Drivers must not make any movement beyond the
exit “STOP” board until permission has been obtained from the signaller to proceed to signal W721. Drivers must not
proceed until they have ensured that no conflicting movements are taking place and that the hand points are correctly set.
If it is necessary to exit the Recycling Centre sidings via the “in road” and signal W719 the driver must come to a clear
understanding with the signaller about the movement required and not pass the “STOP” board until permission has been
obtained. Drivers must not proceed until they have ensured that no conflicting movements are taking place, the driver
must also ensure the hand points are correctly set towards W719 and the “in road”.
Before any shunting movement is made beyond the exit “STOP” board, the Person in Charge (PiC) of the movement must
obtain the signallers permission and ensure the hand points are correctly set for the movement to proceed towards signal
W721 on the “out road”.
If it is essential to make a shunting movement towards signal W719 on the “in road” a clear understanding of the nature of
the movement must be agreed between the signaller and the PiC before the movement commences.
When any shunting movement is completed the PiC must advise the signaller that the line is clear beyond the exit “STOP”
board.
                                                                                                         Dated: 03/08/2019
GW572 – FROME NORTH JN TO WHATLEY QUARRY
Frome North Jn to Whatley Quarry
General. The section of line between 2m 40ch and Whatley Quarry is privately owned by Hanson.
Authority for movements. The Reception and Departure roads between Signal W.285 and the “Stop” boards at the Quarry
end of these sidings are under the control of the Freight Train Operating Company Person in Charge (PiC), who is
responsible for carrying out the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2 in this area. Movements on all other sidings within
the complex are under the control of the PiC.
Acceptance of Down trains. An audible alarm sounds at the Whatley Quarry cabin when a Down train is in the
Hapsford area. Provided the PiC is then in a position to accept the train concerned, the acceptance switch must be
operated which will allow the Signaller at Westbury to clear signal W.422.
Working of trains. The PiC at Whatley Quarry must advise the Signaller at Westbury when a train in excess of 2,300
tonnes is ready to depart.
When Single Line Working (SLW) is in operation between Clink Road Jn and Westbury, it is not possible to clear the route
throughout, so the trains should not be in excess of 2,300 tonnes.
All trains working to or from Whatley Quarry formed wholly with bogie vehicles must normally operate with the brake pipe
and main reservoir pipe (if fitted) in use throughout the train in accordance with Rule Book, Module TW1.
Adequate handbrakes must be applied at the Frome end of trains before locomotives are detached or continuous brakes
are released.
Movement of privately owned locomotive and wagons. A Hanson authorised locomotive, or where engineering work is to
be undertaken a locomotive with vehicles is permitted onto the single line provided that:


April 2009                                                    615
