Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




     Trainborne equipment - fitted to the trains described above - through which the Driver, provided he has performed the
     appropriate ATP set-up, receives information relating to the maximum permitted speed of the train.
4.   Principles of operation

     ATP is a “fail safe” system which, providing the correct data has been entered into the trainborne equipment, will
     correctly supervise the speed of the train.

     Full Supervision by ATP is obtained on ATP fitted lines where the on-train equipment measures the actual speed of
     the train and compares this to a target speed. A target speed is calculated by the on-train computer based on
     permissible line speed, the condition of the line ahead as indicated by fixed signals, buffer stops, any temporary
     speed restriction imposed, together with the maximum permitted speed of the train.

     When necessary ATP will provide a warning to Drivers of the need to reduce their speed. If the train speed is not
     reduced sufficiently, ATP will intervene and brake the train to match the target speed.

     Where track equipment is not available, or unable to update the target information, the trainborne ATP will operate in
     Partial Supervision Mode, supervising to the maximum train speed only.

     If it is necessary for a train to pass a signal at Danger or to undertake shunting movements or make an unsignalled
     wrong direction movement, the Driver must select either Pass Stop Signal (“PSS”) or “Shunting” mode as
     appropriate.

     When it is necessary to pass two or more consecutive signals at danger (e.g. Temporary Block Working or Single Line
     Working), the Driver must carry out Temporary Isolation of ATP. The equipment must be switched in again whilst
     the train is stationary at the last signal affected.

     Where an emergency speed restriction (ESR) is imposed, full supervision will not be immediately available until the
     “speed plugs” for the track equipment have been altered. During this period (usually 48 hours or less), ATP will
     initiate a brake application (which should be cancelled) and an “ESR” indication will appear in the cab display main
     window. This warning will remain in the cab display until the first signal after the end of the ESR. The ESR will not be
     supervised but any other restrictive or stop signal encountered during the ESR will be supervised.

     ATP acts on the information received at the previous beacon or loop. Should the signal aspect change after the train
     has passed over the last loop or beacon, the display in the main window will not be updated.

     ATP acts as an additional safety aid to Drivers and does NOT relieve them of their general responsibility laid
     down in the Rule Book to observe fixed and hand signals, and regulate their speed accordingly.
5.   Operating modes

     ATP has seven modes of operation, defined as follows:-

     Self Test               An automatic, computer-driven test of the trainborne ATP equipment.
     Data Entry              The setting up of trainborne ATP equipment to input the individual
                             characteristics of the train.
     Full Supervision        Provides supervision of train speed to within the braking curve for
                             conditions which exist ahead (restrictive signals, buffer stops, speed
                             changes etc.), also protects against trains rolling away.
     Partial Supervision     Available providing Data Entry has been properly carried out, but where
                             track data is not provided. Also applies when it is necessary to pass a
                             signal at danger, enter an occupied section, make a reversal or after a
                             recoverable fault.
     Shunt                   Used for slow speed movements, especially where train formation is likely
                             to vary. Train speed is supervised to 20 mph.
     Temporary Isolation     Used when passing consecutive signals at danger, also when assisting a
                             failed train.
     Non-Recoverable         Will require the train borne equipment to be completely isolated
     Fault (“Fxx”)
     Recoverable Fault       Temporary removal of Full Supervision pending detection of correct lineside
     (“Exx”)                 data.




April 2009                                                    67
