                                   Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


GW103 – PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
MAIDENHEAD TURNBACK LINE
The Turnback line is provided to facilitate the reversal of Crossrail trains that terminate at the station and will be able to
accommodate a train of up to 31 SLUs.
Stop car markers are not provided in the Turnback line and Drivers of all trains will be required to draw their trains up to the
buffers stops before changing ends. A walking route is not provided and Drivers will be required to change ends by walking
through their train.
When a train is ready to start the Driver will either operate the Train Ready To Start (TRTS) button provided at T578 signal or,
contact the Signaller via the GSMR system.

                                                                                                                    Dated: 27/12/16

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
MAIDENHEAD CARRIER WIRE NEUTRAL SECTION (CWNS)
The Carrier Wire Neutral Section (CWNS) at Maidenhead consists of a series of dead overhead line wire overlaps that enable
trains to transition from one feeding area to another unhindered. The average length of the arrangement is 300m.
Additional signage is provided to aid drivers transitioning through the section as to where the start and the end of the neutral
section occurs.
When cautioning trains from T573, T577, or T579 or (DML, DRL, URL down direction or Maidenhead Loop) or T592, T594 or
T6298 (UML, URL, DRL reversal), drivers should be reminded of the presence of the CWNS to ensure a sufficient speed is
obtained throughout in order to prevent stranding of trains

                                                                                                                    Dated: 27/01/18

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
MAIDENHEAD STABLING LINES
Departure procedure
When the train is ready to depart, the driver will operate the TRTS button at the signal.
Lock-Out Device for the Stabling Lines
A Lock-Out Device (LOD) system is provided for each individual stabling line. Permission must be requested from the signaller
to operate the LOD. The signaller will establish how long the line will be blocked and record the name, company and telephone
number of the individual taking the lock-out. Any change of personnel must be advised to the signaller.
The person requesting the LOD will wait for any incoming movement to stop before requesting the LOD release.
                                                                                                                 Dated: 04/04/2020

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
READING
A ‘Rear Clear Marker’ board is a circular board with white background, a black triangle and numerals in black font.


                                                2-5




These boards are located on platforms 7 to 15, they are positioned approximately halfway along the platform and are applicable
to DMUs and EMUs with a consist of 2 to 5 vehicles. The boards apply to trains travelling in either Up and Down direction, and
are reversing in the station.
Drivers, of DMU’s or EMU’s, with a consist of 2 to 5 vehicles, must stop the train 5 metres from the board if the service is to
reverse in the platform and the next journey will be in the opposite direction to the arrival.
Drivers of formations that consist of more than 5 vehicles must go passed the ‘Rear Clear Marker’ board and stop the train at
the normal stopping location for the formation they are driving.
                                                                                                                    Dated: 25/03/17


April 2009                                                    543
