                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW340 - WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
Malvern Wells SB To LEDBURY

Rule Book, Module P2 - Working of Single and Bi-directional Lines by Pilotman
Section 1.1 (c) item 2 of these instructions does not apply between Malvern Wells and Ledbury and vice versa.
Working of Single Line
    1.        A train failing in the section must not be divided, but an assisting locomotive must be obtained to remove the
              train complete.
    2.        When it is necessary to examine the line through both Colwall and Ledbury Tunnels the following procedure
              must be adopted:-
The section of line between the signalbox, where the train to be used to examine the line will enter the section, and the far
end of the first tunnel must be examined on foot. The train may then be allowed to enter the section on receipt of
information that the line is clear to that point, but the Driver must be instructed not to proceed beyond that point until
authorised by the person examining the line, who must then ride with the Driver to the entrance of the second tunnel.
The train must wait at this point until examination on foot of the second tunnel has been made and the person concerned
has arrived at the other signalbox. The Signaller there, on receipt of information that the line is clear to the signalbox, must
advise the Driver by telephone and authorise them to proceed.
Colwall and Ledbury Tunnels - Alarm wire. An alarm bell wire connected to Malvern Wells signalbox (Colwall Tunnel) and
Ledbury signalbox (Ledbury Tunnel) is fixed to the wall on the Up side of each tunnel 4ft 6ins above ground level.
The wire is provided for the purpose of immediately attracting the attention of the Signaller if staff observe anything which
may affect the safety of the line, or if a train is stopped by failure, accident or other exceptional cause in either tunnel.
When it is necessary to attract the Signaller's attention, the wire must be broken and this will cause a bell in the signalbox
to ring. The person who severs the wire must not leave the loose ends hanging down, but must coil each end into a large
loop in such a manner that the metal core does not touch the ground or the wet tunnel wall, otherwise the bell will cease
ringing. They must also, as soon as practicable, advise the Signaller the approximate position at which this action was
taken.
This equipment does not relieve traincrew of carrying out normal protection arrangements.
Ledbury Tunnel. Owing to the restricted clearance, the following arrangements must apply:
Traincrews and passengers on slam door stock other than HSTs must have access to an inwards-opening door or end
gangway door in case of emergency. Slam door stock without gangway connections, either throughout or within each set,
is therefore prohibited for use on passenger trains requiring to pass through the tunnel.
The section of line between the signalbox, where the train to be used to examine the line will enter the section, and the far
end of the first tunnel must be examined on foot. The train may then be allowed to enter the section on receipt of
information that the line is clear to that point, but the Driver must be instructed not to proceed beyond that point until
authorised by the person examining the line, who must then ride with the Driver to the entrance of the second tunnel.
The train must wait at this point until examination on foot of the second tunnel has been made and the person concerned
has arrived at the other signalbox. The Signaller there, on receipt of information that the line is clear to the signalbox, must
advise the Driver by telephone and authorise them to proceed.
                                                                                                             Dated: 03/08/19




April 2009                                                    590
