                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
SOUTHALL
Yard - Reception of Trains. Before signalling a train to enter the yard, the Signaller will obtain the permission of the
Person-in-Charge, who must operate the acceptance plunger.
East Sidings (including former Diesel Depot). For the purposes of this instruction, ‘East Sidings’ comprises all sidings
within the area in rear of signal SN6177, namely the West Coast Railways Co. Depot.
When on duty, permission must be obtained from the Person-in-Charge of movements (PiC) before signals SN250,
SN256 or SN6184 are cleared for any movement into the East Sidings. A clear understanding must be reached between
the PiC and the Driver as to the extent of each movement.
The PiC will authorise any outgoing movement to approach signal SN6177, from where the Signaller must be contacted
for permission to proceed further. The movement will then be signalled normally from SN6177.
When no PIC is on duty, the driver of the movement concerned will assume these duties.
                                                                                                            Dated: 14/11/09

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
SOUTHALL
Westinghouse sidings (Southall West Yard headshunt)
Arrival
Traffic destined for Westinghouse sidings will be signalled towards Southall West headshunt.
After a movement has arrived in the siding, the person responsible for the movement will confirm to the controlling
signaller that the handpoint has been secured away from the siding and that the gates have been closed.
Departure/Moves approaching SN6188
Before a movement departs Westinghouse Sidings to approach SN6188, permission from the controlling signaller must be
obtained. The person responsible for the movement will confirm that the handpoint has been secured away from the
Westinghouse siding and that the gates have been closed after the movement/s have departed.
                                                                                                            Dated: 20/08/16


GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
HAYES AND HARLINGTON

Tarmac Ltd Sidings

Trains arriving in Up direction
The train will run to the Up Goods Loop and must come to a stand at signal SN6194. The locomotive must run-round the
train via the Up Goods Loop and Up siding and re-attach to the Slough end of the train.
Trains arriving in Down direction
The train will run to the Up Goods Loop and must come to a stand at signal SN6191.
Before signalling a train to enter the sidings, the Signaller will obtain the permission of the Person-in-Charge, who must
operate the acceptance plunger.
Trains departing to Down direction
The Signaller must be contacted so that signal SN6195 can be cleared for the train to depart.
Trains departing to Up direction
The locomotive must be detached at signal SN6195 and run-round the train via the Up Goods Loop and re-attached to the
London end of the train. The train must then run via the Up Goods Loop and be brought to a stand clear of the private
siding connection. The Signaller must be contacted so that signal SN272 can be cleared for the train to depart.
                                                                                                            Dated: 29/09/07




April 2009                                                   541
