                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW425 - BERKELEY ROAD JN TO SHARPNESS
Berkeley Road Jn To Sharpness
The train staff for this branch is kept in Cheltenham Alstone Level Crossing Box. Down trains must stop at the ‘Sharpness
staff collection point’ sign where a member of the traincrew must alight and collect the Train Staff from the Crossing
Keeper. Up trains must stop at the special yellow cabinet provided opposite the crossing box and the Train Staff must be
placed in the cabinet.
If a Driver cannot personally collect the train staff from the box or deliver it to the special cabinet provided, arrangements
must be made for a suitable person to collect the train staff and deliver it to the Driver at a pre-arranged place or collect it
from the Driver at a pre-arranged place and return it to Alstone Level Crossing box.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06

GW425 - BERKELEY ROAD JN TO SHARPNESS
Berkeley GF
Nuclear Electric Compound. The Travelling Shunter must stop the train or locomotive clear of the entrance gates to the
Compound and then secure the gates open.
The Travelling Shunter must ensure that the gates are locked closed after rail movements have been completed.
When no Nuclear Electric staff are present within the compound, the Shunter must ensure that the road access gates are
locked closed.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06

GW425 - BERKELEY ROAD JN TO SHARPNESS
Sharpness
Down trains must be brought to a stand clear of the handpoints at Sharpness and must proceed onto the Up Dock Road to
the "Stop" board on the approach side of the footpath crossing.
No train must pass this "Stop" board until the Guard or Travelling Shunter has established that no conflicting movement is
being made with the Company's locomotive.
No train or shunting movement must be brought to a stand foul of the footpath crossing until the Guard or Travelling
Shunter has closed and locked the wicket gates.
Drivers of movements in either direction must approach the footpath crossing cautiously and at a speed not exceeding 4
mph, prepared to stop short of the crossing.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                    595
