                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW185 - MAIDENHEAD TO MARLOW
BOURNE END

Handling of token : Up platform no. 2. On arrival the driver must put the token in the auxiliary instrument near the buffer
stop and get the signaller’s permission to withdraw a token for the return journey towards Maidenhead.
If the blue TPWS status light does not flash after withdrawing the token, the driver must get the signaller’s permission to
replace the token and withdraw it again. If the blue light still does not flash, it must be reported as a TPWS fault.
Handling of token : Down platform no. 1. When trains arrive from, and return towards Maidenhead, the driver must put the
token in the main instrument at the ground switch panel and get the signaller’s permission to withdraw a token for the
return journey.
On through trains to Marlow, the driver must hand the token to the guard on arrival. The guard must normalise the points,
replace the token to the instrument then hand the train staff to the driver.
On through trains from Marlow, the driver must hand the train staff to the guard on arrival. The guard must operate the
token instrument, reverse the points, leave the train staff in the key switch and then hand the token to the driver.
Train Ready To Start (TRTS) plunger. A TRTS plunger is provided on the Down platform no. 1. The TRTS plunger must
be pressed prior to every departure from the Down platform, whether or not the ground switch panel needed to be
operated for the movement.
Train Dispatch: Down platform no.1.: Once the token or train staff has been released and the route correctly set via the
ground switch panel, the Guard will return to the platform. The Guard must then:
    1.       Hand either the token or the train staff to the Driver.
    2.       Press the TRTS button (having first confirmed with the Driver that the train will be ready to depart on clearance
             of the indicator).
The Driver and Guard must confirm that the indicator is showing a ‘proceed’ aspect for the selected route before the train
dispatch procedures are commenced.
Once the Guard has then returned to the rear of the train, dispatch procedures must be undertaken in the normal manner.
Points indicators. Rule Book, Handbook RS/521, Section 4.6 is amplified as follows:
Points Indicator BE.1 – Down platform no. 1
If a red light remains displayed after the TRTS plunger has been operated, the driver must tell the signaller. The driver
      must arrange for the token to be placed in the main instrument or the train staff in the key switch at the ground switch
      panel and the train must not proceed until the facing points have been secured in the correct position.
Points Indicator BE.3 – From the Maidenhead direction.
If an incorrect route is displayed for the train, the driver must stop at the points indicator and not proceed until the ground
     switch panel has been operated for the correct route.
If a red light is displayed or no light is showing, the driver must stop at the points indicator and tell the signaller what has
      happened. The train must not proceed until the facing points have been secured in the correct position.
Ground switch panel (GSP). If the controls fail to respond to the route buttons when required, the operator must check that
both the token and the train staff are correctly turned in their key switches before trying the route button again.
If the ‘points locked’ red light is not illuminated after the GSP route button has been selected, the fault must be reported to
the signaller and arrangements made to secure the points. The red light will only illuminate when a route button has been
selected, the points concerned have fully motored over and the token or train staff has been removed from the relevant
key switch.
TPWS train stop override. The train stop sensors are de-energised by withdrawal of a token on the Up platform. In the
case of the Down platform line, the train stop sensor is de-energised by operation of the TRTS plunger and clearance of
points indicator BE.1. Once the Guard has returned to the rear of the train and re-checked that the Points Indicator is still
displaying the correct proceed aspect, the same dispatch procedures as for the Marlow direction (i.e. use of buzzer) must
be undertaken for the Maidenhead Direction.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/12/13




April 2009                                                      576
