                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW606 - COWLEY BRIDGE JN TO BARNSTAPLE
Salmon Pool LC (ABCL)

The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8 apply at this crossing.
                                                                                                              Dated: 25/03/19

GW606 - COWLEY BRIDGE JN TO BARNSTAPLE
EGGESFORD (TEP)

Working of Up Platform line.       The platform accommodates only three coach lengths (or locomotive plus two coach
lengths.) Guards of Up passenger trains must advise passengers to alight from the front of the train.
Traincrew Operated Level Crossing:-
Down Trains
Lowering of the barriers is controlled by a pull-wire provided at driving cab height on the nearside of the line 20 metres
from the stop board. The Driver must stop the train at the control wire. The Driver must pull the control wire to close the
crossing to road traffic. The Driver must observe the crossing while the barriers are lowering to ensure that nothing is
trapped under or between the barriers. Releasing the wire will stop the barriers lowering. To resume the lowering
sequence the control wire must be pulled again.
A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided at ground level, containing a control unit with a “Lower “and a “Raise”
push button. If for any reason it is not possible to lower the barriers by utilising the pull-wire, the Driver or Guard must go
to the control unit and press the “Lower” button.
If for any reason it is necessary to raise the barriers again before the train passes over the crossing, the Driver or Guard
must press the “Raise” button on the control unit. This will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in
and the red road traffic signals will be extinguished.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers rising, the “Raise” button must be released
When the barriers are correctly lowered, a white light on the “Stop” board will flash. As the barriers are designed to rise
automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey.
Up Trains Departing from Platform 1
A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided at the crossing (next to the LCU), containing a control unit with two push
buttons: -
         “Raise”
         “Lower”
On arrival of a train at the “Stop” board, the guard must unlock the cupboard and press the “Lower” button. When the
button has been pressed, the “Up” indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering sequence has
commenced and the road traffic signals will commence to operate.
Red indicator lights will show that the road traffic signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. The “Lower”
button must not be released until the barrier lowering sequence has been completed. The Guard must observe the
crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to ensure that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the “Lower” button must be released. Further operation of the “Lower”
button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the “Down” indicator will illuminate.
Depression of the “Raise” button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the red road
traffic signals will be extinguished.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers rising the “Raise” button must be released.
When the barriers are correctly lowered, a white light on the “Stop” board will flash. The Guard must then RELOCK THE
CUPBOARD and rejoin the train. As the barriers are designed to rise automatically following the passage of the train, the
train may proceed on its journey.
Up Trains (Departing From Platform 2)
A cupboard (opened by a BR 1 key) is provided on the approach to the level crossing, containing a control unit with two
push buttons:-
“Raise”
“Lower”




April 2009                                                    621
