                                                             OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW430 - YATE MIDDLE JN TO TYTHERINGTON
Entire Line Of Route

IRON ACTON STATION AOCL
In the event that the Drivers Crossing Indicator (DCI) fails to illuminate for an Up train, with the rear of the train straddling
Iron Acton By-pass Crossing, the ground staff should drive to Iron Acton Station AOCL and place a red light on one side of
the crossing and themselves on the other displaying a red light, to enable the train to proceed over the crossing.

IRON ACTON BY-PASS AND LATTERIDGE LEVEL CROSSINGS
The level crossings are train crew operated (TMO) type with barriers. Stop boards (with instructions, “Press plunger” and
“Obtain white Light and whistle before proceeding”) are provided on both sides of the crossing.
Level crossing controls (comprising raise, lower and stop buttons) are provided in a cupboard (locked by a BR.1 type key)
situated beneath the stop board on both sides of the crossing. The cupboard must always be locked when it is unattended.
Prohibitions of use
Movements over Iron Acton By-pass LC are prohibited between 07:45 and 08:30, and again between 17:00 and 18:00
daily.
Movements over both crossings are prohibited in darkness or poor visibility if there is a failure of the barriers to lower and
a failure of the road-traffic lights to operate. At other times a train may pass over the crossing in such circumstances
provided the guard can give the driver an assurance that t is safe to do so.
Normal operation
When the train arrives at a Stop board, the ground staff/traincrew must lower the barriers by pressing (and holding) the
“lower” button, watching the whole lowering sequence to make sure that nothing becomes trapped under or between the
barriers. The “lower” button must be released if it is necessary to stop the lowering sequence for any reason.
A red-light indication (sequence commenced) will be displayed during the lowering sequence, replaced by a white light
indication (barriers down) when the barriers are fully lowered – the “lower” button may then be released.
Pressing the ‘raise’ button will raise the barriers from their current position and the road-traffic signals will go out.
When the drivers’ white light beneath the stop board is flashing, the ground staff/traincrew must return to the train before it
proceeds.
The driver must ensure that the “barriers up” (BU) indicator is displayed (to indicate that the barriers are fully raised) after
the train has passed clear of the crossing.
Failure of crossing equipment
The Stoke Gifford workstation signaller (TVSC Didcot) must be told about any failure of the crossing equipment.
Failure of a white light – if the white light next to the crossing is not flashing when it should be, the train may proceed after
the guard has checked to make sure that the barriers are lowered (and told the driver)
Barriers fail to lower – if the lowering sequence does not start when the “lower” button is pressed, the guard must attempt
to lower the barriers using the other control unit. If the lowering sequence does not start the ground staff/traincrew must
tell the signaller who will send for an attendant.
A two position “Fail Lower” switch is provided (Normal/Start Lights sequence) in the control unit on the Yate side of each
crossing, for use by an attendant. On arrival and when the train is ready to proceed, the attendant must switch the “Fail
lower” control from “Normal” to “Start Sequence” which will start the road-traffic signals (the barriers will remain raised).
The ground staff/traincrew must make sure that the road-traffic signals are working and then return to the train before
telling the driver to proceed. The driver may pass over the crossing after making sure that it is safe to do so and sound the
horn continuously until the front of the train is on the crossing.
When the train has cleared the crossing, the attendant must switch the “Fail Lower” control to “Normal” and make sure that
the road-traffic signals go out.
Failure of barriers up (BU) indicator – if “BU” is not displayed to the driver when it should be, the driver must stop the train.
If the indicator is still blank after one minute, the ground staff/traincrew must tell the signaller before the train continues the
journey.
When sent for by the signaller, the attendant must go to the crossing and check the position of the barriers. If the barriers
are not raised, the attendant must attempt to raise the barriers by pressing the “raise” button in one of the control units. If
the barriers do not raise the attendant must attempt to raise the barriers using the other control unit.
If one or more barriers remain not fully raised, the attendant must raise the barrier(s) concerned by hand. At Iron Acton by-
pass LC, the road exit barriers must be raised before the road entrance barriers are raised.




April 2009                                                     599
