                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW180 - HEATHROW AIRPORT JN TO HEATHROW TERMINALS 4 AND 5
Entire Line Of Route

Protection of failed train. The use of detonators for protecting a failed train, as set out in Rule Book module M2 section
1.5, is prohibited between the tunnel portals and Heathrow Terminals 4 and 5.
Recovery of trains due to failure of ATP or ETCS. If ATP or ETCS signalling has failed on the Heathrow branch and trains
are required to be recovered, they shall follow the instructions in Rule Book module TW5, section 24.5 as if TPWS was
affected, except where modified below.
Where the driver cannot be accompanied trains may proceed at a speed not exceeding 40 mph (65 km/h).
If the movement is made towards buffer stops, the train must not proceed at a speed above 5 mph (10 km/h) from the
platform ramp.
Changing mode from ETCS Level 2 to Level National Train Control (NTC). When a train is making a movement in Staff
Responsible (SR) mode and it does not step up to a movement authority before the next signal, the driver must stop the
train irrespective of the signal aspect. The signaller will instruct the driver to revert to Level NTC and proceed in
accordance with Rule Book module TW5, section 24.5 as if TPWS was affected, except where modified below.
Where the driver cannot be accompanied trains may proceed at a speed not exceeding 40 mph (65 km/h).
If the movement is made towards buffer stops, the train must not proceed at a speed above 5 mph (10 km/h) from the
platform ramp.
If a failure can only be resolved by a train which must revert to Level NTC then the signaller may authorise this. If the
failure is likely to continue for some period and affect multiple trains, then the signaller must obtain permission from
Operations Control.
Class 345 recovery in CBTC Stand Alone or Recovery Mode. If a Class 345 train is unable to operate in Staff
Responsible (SR) mode or revert to Level NTC, the driver may select Recovery Mode or Communications Based Train
Control (CBTC) Stand Alone.
The train speed under CBTC Stand Alone is supervised to 23 mph (40 km/h).
The train speed under Recovery Mode is supervised to 9 mph (15 km/h).
The signaller must make sure that there are at least two controlled signals which are being kept at danger between the
train travelling in Recovery Mode or CBTC Stand Alone and any conflicting or converging movements ahead of it.


                                                                                                        Dated: 18/01/2020




April 2009                                                  573A
