                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW892 - CWMGWRACH TO BURROWS SIDINGS
Swansea Docks

SWANSEA DOCKS LINES
These lines are under the control of the Burrows Chargeman and are worked as sidings, Rule Book, Module SS2 applies.
The speed of trains must be regulated so that they can be brought to a stand short of any obstruction that may exist on the
line.
Before any movement passes over any level crossing the Shunter must position themselves on the road to control road
traffic by means of flag or handlamp. Drivers must not pass over any level crossing until authorised to do so by the
Shunter and must sound the locomotive horn before doing so.
Movements at Dragon Shipping Quay. Movements must be made at extreme caution, at no time exceeding 2 mph and
propelling is strictly PROHIBITED. Drivers must avoid the use of the locomotive straight air brake to stop trains. The
Shunter must ensure that couplings are extended before trains proceed onto these lines. Coal container trains must be
placed on No. 1 road.
Movements at No. 4 Quay. Movements may only be made on or off the quay after the Shunter has ensured that the line is
clear and no work is in progress or after they have obtained the permission of the Person in Charge of any work.
102 tonne wagons with steel coil to Swansea Docks "D" shed. The following instructions must be observed when working
102 tonne steel carrying wagons to "D" shed on Swansea Docks:-
         1.       All wagons must have their couplings in the extended position.
         2.       The speed must not exceed 5 mph throughout.
         3.       The route must be Burrows Junction, the Fence Road and No. 12 Escape Road thence to "D" Shed.
         4.       Traffic to be berthed on siding nearest to "D" Shed or as instructed by ABP staff. The siding on the quay
                  wall must NOT be used.
Movements towards Burrows Sidings. The Shunter must obtain permission from the Burrows Chargeman before
authorising the Driver to pass the "Stop" board at the exit of the docks lines.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/08/06

GW893 - ONLLWYN TO NEATH AND BRECON JN
Onllwyn

Onllwyn Ground Frame at 10m 11ch. This ground frame operates trap points which must normally be left in the open
position set to derail runaway wagons from the Onllwyn direction. The ground frame is released by an Annetts key
attached to the One Train Only Train Staff.
Drivers of arriving trains must hand the train staff to the Shunter at the STOP board provided. The Shunter must reverse
the ground frame and close the trap points for Onllwyn sidings before authorising Drivers to pass the STOP board. When
the train has passed clear of the trap points the Shunter must immediately return the ground frame to the normal position
and remove the train staff.
The Driver or Shunter (as appropriate) must obtain permission from the Signaller for a train to return towards Neath &
Brecon Jn. After permission has been received, the Shunter must reverse the ground frame and close the trap points for
the single line. The Shunter must then authorise the Driver to pass the STOP board and draw to the ‘Start of staff section’
board. The Shunter must then return the ground frame to the normal position, remove the train staff, and hand it to the
Driver.
All arriving and departing trains - The Driver or Shunter (as appropriate) must advise the Neath and Brecon Junction
Signaller : -
         (i)      as soon as the train arrives and,
         (ii)     when the train is ready to return towards Burrows Sidings
If, due to failure of telephone communication the Driver or Shunter has been unable to contact the Signaller, and contact
cannot be made from a suitable alternative telephone, the Driver must satisfy himself that all level crossings on the return
journey to Neath and Brecon Junction are clear and must be prepared to stop short of each one if necessary.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                  672
