Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1



    •    get the Person in Charge’s permission before the train again occupies the C2 section, whether for shunting
         purposes or to return from 'B'.
Siding connections within the C2 section must be kept secured in the normal position for straight running, either by clip
and padlock or by padlocking the point lever. The Guard or Shunter of any movement that is to work in the sidings must
obtain the keys from the Person in Charge (or, where authorised, obtain his permission to take the keys from their usual
place). When movements over the points have finished, the Guard or Shunter must make sure that the points are
replaced to normal and properly secured again. On arrival back at ‘A’, the Guard or Shunter must return the keys to the
Person in Charge (or, where authorised, put the keys back in the usual place and tell the Person in Charge).
Failure of telephone at ‘B’
If the telephone (where provided) at 'B' fails and no other communication is available, the Person in Charge must give
each Driver a written authority to leave ‘A’, to enter the C2 section and to return to ‘A’ immediately work has finished. If,
telephone failure at ‘B’ is discovered only after a train has left 'A', the Driver must obtain the Person in Charge’s
permission by the most expeditious means before returning from 'B'.
The Person in Charge may issue a written authority for one train at a time only between ‘A’ and ‘B’, whether on a single or
a double line. No further movement may be authorised until the Person in Charge is sure that the previous movement has
arrived back at ‘A’ and is clear of the C2 section. On a double line, all movements must continue to operate on the proper
line throughout, unless Working by Pilotman is in operation.

Train failure, accident, fire or accidental division
When Rule Book, Modules M1 or M2 require protection of the train, "full distance" for emergency protection on a C2 line is
800 metres (or half a mile). On lines without a telephone at 'B', protection need only be carried out in the direction of 'A'
When one line of a C2 double line is not available
When one line is blocked by obstruction or other cause, Single Line Working (Rule Book Module P1) must be introduced.
A Pilotman must be provided and must accompany every train.
Possession or Protection of C2 line for engineering work or other activity
Whenever possible, the possession / protection arrangements must be pre-planned and published as for other running
lines. Rule Book, Module TS1, Regulation 13 additional protection procedures involving disconnecting signalling
equipment, T-CODs or getting the token are prohibited on C2 lines.
Stop boards at the start/ end of the C2 section, including those provided at intermediate sidings, must be regarded as ‘stop
signals’ for protection purposes.
If a telephone is provided at ‘B’, or if there are intermediate sidings, any protection required under TS1, Regulation 13 or
T3 must be provided there as well as at ‘A’ unless the PICOP/ COSS/ PC can confirm with the Person in Charge of the
line that there are no traction units at those locations. If no telephone is provided at ‘B’, it is only necessary to provide
protection at the ‘A’ end.
The PICOP/ COSS/ PC/ IWA (as appropriate) must contact the Person in Charge of the line and reach a clear
understanding as to the time the possession/ protection is required and by when it must be given up. Provided that no
train is in the C2 section, the Person in Charge of the line may grant the possession/ protection.
The standard “Record of Arrangements” forms must be used, suitably endorsed to show the appropriate stop boards
where signals are not provided. The Person in Charge of the line must record the necessary details in the book provided,
and if practicable the PICOP/ COSS/ PC/ IWA must countersign the entry.If additional protection is to be provided by
detonator protection or for T3 possessions, the Person in Charge of the line need not be on duty at the time possession/
protection is taken or when it is given up, provided that arrangements have previously been made for:
    i)   The Person in charge of the line, when leaving duty, to leave written authority in the book provided for the line to
         be blocked, and/ or (as appropriate)
    j)   The PICOP/ COSS/ PC, when giving up the possession/ protection, to leave a certificate indicating that the line is
         clear and safe for traffic.
On resuming duty, the Person in Charge of the line must find out if the work is continuing unless the certificate referred to
in (b) has been issued.
Authority for movements to, from and within a T3 possession on a C2 line must be on the same principles as for any other
running line.
Recording of all movements
The Person in Charge must record the times at which each train enters and clears the C2 section in the book (or special
sheets) provided.




April 2009                                                     73
