                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW637 - ST. BUDEAUX JN TO GUNNISLAKE
Entire Line Of Route

Okeltor and Sandways level crossings
Blue “sandstick” boxes are provided in the down cess at 2m 28ch and 3m 00ch.
Inside each box is one “sandstick” complete with a container of sand; a standard carriage key unlocks the box. The sticks
and sand are only for use by train crew or others in an emergency to enable a train to gain adhesion on slippery rail. Once
a “sandstick” has been used the controlling signaller must be advised so that it can be refilled.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

GW640 - LISKEARD TO LOOE VIA COOMBE
LISKEARD

All trains. All trains arriving at Liskeard Yard requiring access to the branch line between Liskeard and Coombe Junction
must be brought to a stand at the stop board. Permission to enter the branch line must be obtained from the Liskeard
Signaller by the Guard or Shunter before operating the ground frame and authorising the Driver to pass the stop board
and proceed onto the branch line.
DMU trains. After leaving the yard the guard must restore the Ground Frame to normal and authorise the driver to proceed
onto the Liskeard branch platform. If the train is to proceed towards Coombe Junction without entering the branch
platform, the guard must contact the signaller using the telephone at the Ground Frame to obtain permission to proceed
towards Coombe Junction. The guard must relay any messages to the Driver of the train when handing over the Token.
This is will enable the signaller to exercise control over user worked crossings with telephones.
Branch freight trains. After leaving the yard, the shunter must restore the Ground Frame to normal and contact the
signaller using the telephone on the Ground Frame for permission to proceed. The shunter must relay any messages to
the Driver of the freight train or light locomotive when handing over the Token. This will enable the signaller to exercise
control over user worked crossings with telephones.
Freight trains and light locomotives are prohibited from entering the branch platform line.
Up freight trains and light locomotives must be brought to a stand at the Notice Board sited on the Coombe Junction side
of the ground frame and must not proceed until the points are set correctly for the yard.
Arrival and departure of Branch passenger Trains. On arrival in the Branch Platform the driver must immediately contact
the signaller at Liskeard, confirm that the train has arrived complete with tail lamp and replace the “No Signaller Token” in
the token instrument in the token hut on platform 3. The driver must also check that the steady blue TPWS status light
shows on arrival at token hut.
Departure of Branch Passenger Trains The Stop Board at Liskeard Platform 3 is equipped with TPWS. The Driver must
contact the signaller at Liskeard 3 minutes prior to the booked departure time from the token hut on platform 3, and must
check that the steady blue TPWS status light shows on arrival at the token hut.
The driver must request a token release, after withdrawing the token the driver must ensure that the blue light flashes to
indicate that TPWS has been correctly suppressed. If necessary, and with the signaller’s permission, the token can be
replaced and withdrawn a second time.
If the blue light does not show, or it does not flash when required, the TPWS equipment must be treated as failed. The
driver must report the defect to the signaller and must operate the train stop override in the cab when passing the stop
board.
In order to avoid a possible false TPWS brake demand, the driver must ensure that not more than 3 minutes elapses
between withdrawal of the token and the train’s departure. If this time is exceeded, e.g. unexpected delay in station duties,
the driver must obtain the signaller’s permission to replace and withdraw the token again.
Branch Passenger trains – Handling of “No Signaller” token and “One Train Working” staff. When a passenger train arrives
at Liskeard and is the next train to return to Coombe the driver may retain the “One Train Working Staff”.
When a DMU for the passenger service between Liskeard and Looe is required to leave the Single Line via Liskeard
Branch GF for any purpose the “No Signaller Token” and “One Train Working Staff” must be returned to the Signaller at
Liskeard.
                                                                                                           Dated: 19/04/09




April 2009                                                   635
