                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




ST PHILIP'S MARSH HST DEPOT - STOPPING POINTS
When entering St Philip's Marsh Depot from the East (North Somerset) end, the set must be brought to a stand at the
West end with the leading power car doorway in line with the red band painted across the shed floor and up the shed wall.
The brake handle should then be in line with the sign mounted on the wall, adjacent to the red band.
This will ensure that the set is in the correct position to allow access for maintenance.
ST PHILIP'S MARSH HST DEPOT - REDUCTION IN EXHAUST FUMES
The following instructions must be applied in order to minimise build-up of exhaust fumes within the shed:
Sets arriving at the Depot from the North Somerset Jn. direction. Unless the rear power car is already shut down for any
reason, the leading power car must be shut down prior to entering any of the shed roads.
Power car isolation of stabled sets in Shed. Whilst sets are undergoing ‘A’ examination the cut-out switch of the EAST
end power car will be isolated by maintenance staff, who will attach to the switch a timed, dated and signed label
indicating that the switch has been isolated so as to reduce exhaust fumes in the shed. Drivers are authorised to remove
the label and reinstate the cut-out switch before or during train preparation.
Sets being moved out of the Shed, within the Depot area. Only the engine of the WEST end power car must be started in
order to move the set. The depot’s air supply must be used should it be necessary to build up main reservoir pressure
before starting the engine. The power controller must not be advanced beyond notch two.
Sets departing from the Shed to enter service, via North Somerset Jn. The depot’s air supply must be used should it be
necessary to build up main reservoir pressure before starting the engines. Except for sets forming trains starting at Bristol
TM for the West of England, the following must apply:
During the preparation of the set, both engines must be started from the WEST end power car as part of normal
preparation. Before returning to the EAST end power car, the Driver must shut down the WEST end power car locally.
Train supply must then be put on from the EAST end power car.
                                                                                                         Dated: 04/04/2018

GW540 - FILTON JN TO PATCHWAY JN
STOKE GIFFORD INTER CITY DEPOT

Depot head shunt sidings 1 and 2 (HS1 and HS2)
Buffer stop interrupters are provided on depot head shunt sidings 1 and 2 which will be indicated to both the TVSC
signaller and the PIC if there is an over run and subsequent collision with a set of buffer stops in the depot.
If a train formed of five vehicles displaces an interrupter, the train involved may, if depot operations require use of part of
the siding affected, be used as a temporary buffer stop. In the circumstances, this may be allowed provided that a red light
is displayed on the depot end of the train and (until safety checks allowing its movement again are made) a not to be
moved board is placed on the train.
Otherwise, the head shunt siding affected must be closed until the incident has been cleared and the interrupter re-set for
normal working
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/10/19
GW548 - PARSON STREET JN TO PORTBURY
Ashton Jn To Portbury Dock

The Temple Meads signaller (Didcot, TVSC) must be told when a freight operating company Person in Charge (PiC) takes
responsibility for train movements.
The PiC will be told (by the signaller) before a down train for Portbury Dock enters the branch. If the signaller cannot
contact the PiC, the train will be routed as far as the down stop board (end of token section) (126m 53 ½ ch).
Arrival
The down stop board (labelled “Stop Await Instructions”) approaching Portbury Dock is provided with a white light indicator
which is interlocked with the security gates and is operated by the PiC when the train is accepted. A driver must not pass
this stop board until either the white light is lit or they are verbally instructed to proceed.
A token must not be replaced at Portbury Dock token instrument until the train has arrived complete with tail lamp and
passed 200 yards beyond the down stop board.
Handling the token
The PiC is authorised to receive a token from, or deliver a token to, a driver.
                                                                                                         Dated: 04/04/2018


April 2009                                                   613
