Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1



EUROPEAN RAIL TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
(ERTMS)
WALES ROUTE - CAMBRIAN LINES
The following instructions apply to the following lines of route where ERTMS Level 2 signalling arrangement
apply :
GW733 Sutton Bridge Junction to Aberystwyth
GW734 Dovey Junction to Pwllheli
Where reference is made to the ‘signaller’ this means the signaller at Machynlleth SC unless otherwise stated.
Items are listed in rule book module order first and then general instructions are listed alphabetically.


ERTMS RULE BOOK ITEMS:
Rule Book Module M3 – Managing incidents, floods and
snow
Section 6 - Independent snow ploughs

Movement of snowploughs to site to commence ploughing must be made in SR mode under a series of written
orders as appropriate.
When ploughing the movement must be made in SH mode, unless otherwise authorised.
                                                                                  Wales Route GI - Dated: 05/12/15

Rule Book Module P2 - Working single and bi-directional
lines by pilotman
Section 1, Clause 1.1 - Circumstances
Working by pilotman is not required if all axle counters related to the signalled route are clear. The signaller will
explain the circumstances to the driver and issue written order 01 to enable the train to proceed.
Section 1, Clause 1.2 - Exceptions
If a train has already entered the single line under normal conditions and a failure then occurs, a pilotman is not
required for the movement of that train. The signaller will issue the driver with written order 01 to permit the train
to pass through the affected section.
Section 3, Clause 3.7 - Arriving at the other end of the single line
If an MA is obtained during the journey through the single line the driver may travel at the supervised speed,
except where instructed otherwise. Unless travelling on the following train the pilotman must accompany the
driver throughout the entire single line.
                                                                                  Wales Route GI - Dated: 05/12/15

Rule Book Module S4 - Trains or shunting movements
detained on running lines
Section 1, Clause 1.1 – When to contact the signaller
Trains may be detained waiting an MA at the following location where the EOA in each direction is not provided
with a block marker :
Between Borth and Aberystwyth at 89m 5ch - single line in both directions.
                                                                                  Wales Route GI - Dated: 07/06/15




April 2009                                              58B
