                                                         OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW606 - COWLEY BRIDGE JN TO BARNSTAPLE
BARNSTAPLE

Arriving and departing trains. The driver must advise the Crediton Signaller, using the GSMR telephone system in the
leading cab*: -
as soon as the train arrives, and
for permission to return from Barnstaple towards Eggesford

Note: When the turn round time at Barnstaple is less than 5 minutes, only one telephone call is necessary on arrival.
*there is also a telephone on the station platform, which may be used if the GSMR system is unavailable.
                                                                                                         Dated: 22/06/19

GW608 - CREDITON TO COLEFORD (MELDON LINE)
Entire Line Of Route

Line management. The line to the Meldon side of 183m 79ch (near former Coleford Junction) is owned and operated by
Dartmoor Railway Company. Accordingly defects, incidents etc. within this section must be reported in the first instance to
Dartmoor Railway Company staff, if necessary via the Signaller at Crediton.
Before returning from Okehampton, Drivers must ensure that the Signaller at Crediton has authorised the movement
concerned.
Special examination of Meldon line goods trains. Up Trains must be brought to a stand at mile post 183. A suitably
qualified member of the Train Company concerned must carry out a visual and audible examination, known as a roll-by
rotational test. Dependant on the outcome of this examination, one of the actions shown in the table of Rule Book Module,
TW5, section 26.2 C must apply.
If the condition of the wheels indicates slight flats or no evidence of damage the train can proceed normally to Credition
where the Signaller must be so advised. In all other circumstances, in addition to the action shown in the Rule Book, the
Dartmoor Railway Duty Manager must be advised of the circumstances.
                                                                                                         Dated: 05/12/15


GW608 - CREDITON TO COLEFORD (MELDON LINE)
Salmon Pool LC (ABCL)

The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8 apply at this crossing, including the provision of
driver plungers. These are located in a locked cabinet which requires a BR1 key and can be found on the approach side of
the crossing.
                                                                                                      Dated: 24/10/2020




April 2009                                                  624
