                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



direction signal SB.6407 and hand the radio back to the Shunter. The Shunter must work from the Avoiding line side of the
Up Relief line. Movements on the Down Relief line will be suspended until the propelled movement has stopped at signal
SB.6407.
If a train is longer than 74 SLU’s and requires to depart from signal SB.920 for the Bristol direction, or when shunting
radios have failed or during periods of poor visability, a locomotive must be provided at each end of the train. The method
of working with the train locomotive trailing is as follows:
(a)      A second locomotive must be attached at the London end.
         When this has been done, both locomotive Drivers must co-operate in carrying out a brake continuity test.
         When the brake continuity test has been carried out, the Shunter must confirm with both locomotive Drivers that
         they are ready for the movement to commence.
(b)      After Signal SB.920 has been cleared, and the necessary handsignal has been given by the Shunter the Reading
         end locomotive will draw the train onto the Up Relief line until it is clear of Signal SB.6407. This will be indicated
         by the Driver of the train locomotive applying the automatic brake.
         When the Driver of the Reading end locomotive observes a fall in brake pipe pressure, they must immediately
         shut off power and the Driver of the train locomotive must then bring the movement to a stand.
(c)      The train must then be routed from Signal SB.6407 to Signal SB.923, Didcot Station No.4 Platform, via the Up
         Relief line. When Signal SB.6407 has been cleared, the Driver of the train locomotive, which is now leading,
         must draw the train forward and bring the movement to a stand at Signal SB.923.
(d)      When the movement is at a stand, the Driver of the train locomotive must fully apply the automatic brake, prior to
         the Shunter detaching the Reading end locomotive. The Shunter MUST always detach the Reading end
         locomotive from the train via the platform side, for their own safety.
         When this has been done, the Shunter must personally advise the Signaller from Signal SB.923 that the train is
         ready to depart, and advise the train Driver accordingly.
(e)      The Driver of the trailing locomotive must then follow the departing train cautiously and stop at Signal SB.6407 or
         SB.923 as appropriate.


NOTE When the train is moving from Signal SB.6407 to Signal SB.923, on the Up Relief line, and the trailing locomotive
is a Class 08, the Driver of the leading locomotive must take care NOT to exceed the maximum permissible speed of the
Class 08 locomotive.
Movements from Didcot Yard North End via Signal SB.2207. The propelling of trains from Didcot Yard North end via
Signal SB.2207 to the Down Oxford line is NOT permitted and a locomotive must be provided at each end of the train.
The method of working with the train locomotive trailing is as follows:-
(a)      A second locomotive must be attached at the Oxford end.
         When this has been done, both locomotive Drivers must co-operate in carrying out a brake continuity test.
         When the brake continuity test has been carried out, the Shunter must confirm with both locomotive Drivers that
         they are ready for the movement to commence.
(b)      After Signal SB.2207 has been cleared, and the necessary handsignal has been given by the Shunter the Oxford
         end locomotive will draw the train onto the Down Oxford line until it is clear of Signal SB.6922. This will be
         indicated by the Driver of the train locomotive applying the automatic brake.
         When the Driver of the Oxford end locomotive observes a fall in brake pipe pressure, they must immediately shut
         off power and the Driver of the train locomotive must then bring the movement to a stand.
(c)      When the Movement is at a stand, the Driver of the train locomotive must fully apply the automatic brake, prior to
         the Shunter detaching the Oxford end locomotive. The Shunter MUST then detach the Oxford end locomotive
         from the Cess-side of the Down Oxford line, for their own safety.
         When this has been done, the Shunter must personally advise the Signaller by telephone that the train is ready to
         depart, and advise the train Driver accordingly.
(d)      The Driver of the trailing locomotive must then follow the departing train cautiously and stop at Signal SB.6922,
         and await instructions.
Fuel Point, Tamper Siding and Tip Siding
The signaller is responsible for any movement in all the above Sidings. The handpoint between the locomotive servicing
depot and tip siding must be clipped and padlocked for movements towards the fuel point. The Didcot yard chargeman will
retain the key.




April 2009                                                   548
