                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
READING
Reading Low Level line. The Train Operating Company concerned must advise the signaller if a Down train running on
reduced power is planned to use the low level line. Due to the gradient concerned, the signaller will give the train
concerned a clear run into the station and not detain it at signal T1691 unless absolutely unavoidable.

Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available.

Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.

Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
and the signals at which the train will reverse behind.
 Location           Shunt details
                    Shunt A; Route to Kennet Bridge Loop and reverse behind T1679
 East end           Shunt B; Route to Down Southern line and reverse behind T6781 (Spur Junction)
                    Shunt C; Up Southern line and reverse behind T6783 (Reading Southern Junction)
                    Shunt D ; via Oxford Road Junction to Reading West - Reverse behind T2804
                    Shunt E; Westbury Line Junction to Down Westbury and reverse behind T1714
 West end           Shunt F; Down Reading Festival to Tilehurst and reverse behind T1760
                    Shunt G; Up Reading Passenger Loop behind and reverse behind T1732
                    Shunt H Down Relief to Tilehurst and reverse behind T1760

 Location           Reading TCD departure
                    Shunt 1; To or from Tilehurst route via the Down Relief and reverse behind T1760
 Connection A
                    Shunt 2; To or from Tilehurst via the Up Relief and reverse behind T1762
                    Shunt 3; Up direction when no access available to reverse in Reading Station – Route via Up
 Connection C
                    Passenger Loop and reverse behind T1747

Platform Nos. 4, 5 and 6. These platform lines are equipped with conductor rails charged with electricity at 660 to 750
volts direct current. Attention is drawn to GO/RT/3091, DC Electrified Lines Instructions.
A suitable announcement must be made on inward services to advise customers from which side they should leave the
train.
Locomotive Hauling of HSTs - Reading to Bournemouth/Poole. In the event of loco-haulage of an HST where the
emergency coupling bar would be in use at either end of the train a Southbound service must not proceed beyond
Reading. This is due to the necessity to isolate the "Third Rail" current when the emergency bar is attached or detached.
This instruction does not apply if:-

a)   In the event of failure when on the "Third Rail" routes which then necessitates loco-haulage to clear the line/work the
     train forward.
b)   In the event of the failed HST having a power car fitted with buffers at both ends of the train.
Air brake continuity test. When locomotive hauled passenger trains arriving from the west end of the station are reversed
and the incoming locomotive has run around the train or when a fresh locomotive is attached at the west end of the train to
take the train forward, the air brake continuity test must be carried out in the following manner:-
Where only one Shunter is available, the Air Brake Test must be carried out in the conventional manner.

Where two Shunters are available, the following arrangements will apply:-

On arrival of the train the Person in Charge must proceed to the end of the train at which the locomotive which will work it
forward is to be attached and must ascertain from the Driver of that locomotive that they are ready to carry out the brake
continuity test. The Guard who is to work the train forward, having obtained details of the train, must immediately advise
such details to the Driver who is to work the train forward.
The Shunter detaching the locomotive which has brought the train in must remain at the end of the train to participate in
the test. After detaching the locomotive he/she must place a tail lamp on the rear vehicle. The Shunter attaching the
locomotive which will take the train forward is responsible for removing the tail lamp at that end of the train.
The Driver of the locomotive which has been attached must advise the Person in Charge when he/she is ready to carry
out the continuity test and the latter must indicate to the Shunter at the rear of the train that the test must commence.
The Shunter must then:-

c)   Open the brake pipe cock on the rear vehicle until all air is exhausted. The cock must then be closed.
d)   If a brake van is the rear vehicle, the emergency air valve may be used with the Guard's co- operation. The valve
     must not be closed until all the air has been exhausted.
Before indicating to the Guard that station work has been completed the Person in Charge of the platform must satisfy
himself that the continuity test has been carried out correctly and that a tail lamp has been placed on the rear vehicle.


April 2009                                                    544
