Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




Defective on-train equipment
A train on which the ERTMS equipment is isolated or in level 0 must not enter a running line from a siding,
yard or depot other than in exceptional circumstances and then only when authorised by the On-Call
operations manager.


Stopping at end of authority
If a train has to stop short of a block marker because of an uncorrected odometry error, the driver must obtain
the signaller’s permission to press override and move forward in SR mode in order to reach the correct
stopping location. Written order 01 must be completed.

If the train fails to transition when entering an ERTMS area (Rule Book, Module S7, Section 8.1)
Unexpected failure to transition to ERTMS Level 2
If a train does not transition it will be tripped by ERTMS and, depending on the cause of the failure, may also
receive a TPWS intervention. The driver and signaller must try to establish the reason for the failure. If the
fault cannot be rectified the train may proceed if directed by operations Control. The signaller will issue written
order 02 to authorise the train to proceed (or written order 01 if the train stopped before being tripped). If
TPWS has not intervened, the driver must operate the TPWS override.
If TPWS intervention occurs at the Start of Cab Signalling board in any other circumstances it must be treated
as a TPWS equipment irregularity and the driver and signaller must complete form RT3185 (Reporting a
signal/AWS/TPWS/ATP/TVM failure or irregularity).

Known system failure preventing transition to ERTMS Level 2
If there is a failure which may prevent a down train from transitioning but the train can be signalled normally,
the signaller will advise the driver that the transition may not work. The driver must prepare to be tripped at
the Start of Cab Signalling board. If this happens, the procedures for an unexpected failure (above) must be
applied.
If it is known that an MA cannot be issued at the Start of Cab Signalling board because the route cannot be
set from there in the normal way, the Sutton Bridge Junction signaller will authorise the driver to pass signals
SUB 54 and 53 at danger and proceed at caution and stop at the Start of Cab Signalling board. The driver
must contact Machynlleth SC on arrival at the board and obtain written order 01 and press override to enable
the train to proceed. The train will transition to SR on passing over the balise at the board and, if the train is a
class 158, the driver must stop again in order to raise the ceiling speed to 80km/h and then proceed.
If it is not possible to clear Sutton Bridge Junction signals SUB 54 and 53 but a route can be set from the Start
of Cab Signalling board in the normal way, the Sutton Bridge Junction signaller will authorise the driver to
pass signals SUB54 and 53 at danger and proceed at caution as far as the Start of Cab Signalling board
where normal working will apply.
Working by pilotman must be introduced if required by Rule Book module P2.


If the ERTMS train fails to transition when leaving an ERTMS area (Rule Book, Module S7, Section 8.2)
Unexpected failure to transition to ERTMS Level 0
If a train does not transition it will be tripped by ERTMS at the End of Cab Signalling board. The driver must
contact the signaller and report the failure and they must both try to establish the reason for the failure. The
driver must select Level 0 manually and the train may proceed and obey all Sutton Bridge Junction signals.


Known system failure preventing transition to ERTMS Level 0
If there is a failure which may prevent an up train from transitioning but the train can be signalled normally, the
signaller will advise the driver that the transition may not work. The driver must prepare to be tripped at the
End of Cab Signalling board. If this happens, the procedures for an unexpected failure (above) must be
applied.
If it is not possible to issue an MA from block marker MH1003, the signaller will issue written order 01 to
enable the train to proceed. The driver must carry out the normal transition procedure on passing the End of
Cab Signalling board but if the transition is not successful the procedures for an unexpected failure (above)
must be applied. The driver must obey all Sutton Bridge Junction signals.
                                                                               Wales Route GI - Dated: 05/12/15


April 2009                                               58I
