                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW107 - WORLE JN TO UPHILL JN VIA WESTON-SUPER-MARE
WESTON-SUPER-MARE
Platform lines. Whenever it is necessary for a passenger or ECS train to be admitted to Platform No.1 or No.2 when the
line is occupied by the coaching stock of a train for the opposite direction, the Signaller, before admitting the train to the
occupied platform line in accordance with Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 20, must first communicate with the Person in
Charge of the platform and receive the latter's authority.
The Person in Charge, before giving such authority, must satisfy themself that there is room for the train to be
accommodated, arrange for it to be met at the platform end and conducted to the rear of the train in front.
The Driver of the train standing at the platform must be instructed that no further movement must be made until he/she is
verbally instructed to do so by the Person in Charge of the platform.
Reduction of noise from HSTs. The following instructions apply to Down HSTs terminating at Weston-super-Mare.
If a train is to stand at either platform for more than fifteen minutes, both engines must be shut down and the heating/air
conditioning switch turned to the auxiliary position. In extremely cold weather one engine may be kept running for cab
heating purposes. When these instructions have been applied, the engine at the Taunton end of the train must be
restarted and the heating/air conditioning restored fifteen minutes before departure time. The engine at the Bristol end
must be restarted five minutes before departure time.
                                                                                                            Dated: 03/08/19

GW107 - WORLE JN TO UPHILL JN VIA WESTON-SUPER-MARE
WESTON-SUPER-MARE
Platform 1 - Due to restricted platform length, 10 car IET’s cannot reverse in this platform.
                                                                                                            Dated: 09/03/19

GW108 – FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
Norton Fitzwarren Junction to Bishops Lydeard, West Somerset Railway.

Engineer's Siding. The handpoint connection in the Down Bay Siding leading to the Engineer's Siding must normally be
secured and padlocked for movements along the Down Bay Siding.
No movement must be made from the Siding towards ground position light signal E622 without the authority of the
Signaller.
General. The single line between Norton Fitzwarren Junction and Bishops Lydeard is worked in accordance with the WSR
‘No signalman token’ regulations and is under the control of the WSR Signalman at Bishops Lydeard. Token instruments
for this section of line are located only on the WSR. All signalling and permanent way arrangements are provided to full
passenger standards.
The Network Rail / WSR ownership boundary is at 165m 15½ch. An up direction board is provided at this location which
reads ‘WSR locomotives must not pass this point’. An Up direction train approach treadle, sounding an annunciator in
Exeter signal box, is provided at 166m 48ch.
Signal release instruments, normally operated by the WSR Person in Charge (PiC) using the WSR token, are provided at
Taunton station at the buffer stop end of No. 1 down bay platform and at the Silk Mill relay room. Both machines are
located in locked cabinets opened by a key attached to the WSR token. The WSR PiC will join through down direction
movements at Taunton Station or signal E.322 whichever is most convenient.
Working of trains. A train may only enter or foul the single line section between Norton Fitzwarren Junction and Bishops
Lydeard without the driver having the token when any of the following applies :
    •    working by pilotman
    •    assisting a failed train
    •    engineering train entering a T3 possession.
Before a route can be set from signal E630 / E324 towards the single line, the Norton Fitzwarren Junction / Bishops
Lydeard WSR token must be put through one of the release instruments. If a train does not then proceed for any reason,
the driver must operate a plunger to cancel the slot release.
When working by pilotman is required to be introduced, WSR forms must be used provided. The WSR will appoint the
pilotman, who will dictate the necessary details to the signaller at Exeter. The WSR pilotman will accompany every train
over the single line
.




April 2009                                                   559
