                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW8901 - DYNEVOR JN TO JERSEY MARINE JN SOUTH
Dynevor Jn

Steel Supply Sidings. Before any movement is made into these sidings the permission of the Firm's Yard Foreman must
be obtained.
The train is normally unloaded in two portions and the wagons must be placed and shunted to the Firm's requirements. All
propelled movements must be preceded by the Shunter on foot.
Shunting movements at this location are controlled by radio; before work commences the radios must be tested by means
of a successful test transmission between the Shunter (outside the cab) and the Driver (inside the cab). Messages must
be preceded by "Dynevor Shunter to Dynevor Driver" or vice versa, as appropriate, and acknowledged by repetition; if
contact is lost, the Driver must STOP immediately.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW892 - CWMGWRACH TO BURROWS SIDINGS
Cwmgwrach

Drivers must not pass the "Stop" board at the entrance to the sidings until authorised to do so by the Travelling Shunter.
All movements within the sidings are under the control of the Travelling Shunter who will instruct the Driver by radio.
Before work commences the radios must be tested by means of a successful test transmission between the Shunter
(outside the cab) and the Driver (inside the cab). Messages must be preceded by "Cwmgwrach Shunter to Cwmgwrach
Driver" or vice versa, as appropriate, and acknowledged by repetition; if contact is lost, the Driver must STOP
immediately.
Wagons must not be left at Cwmgwrach except in the cripple siding; the safety devices provided must be positioned to
prevent runaways when wagons are left there or are left with no locomotive attached whilst cripples are being detached.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW892 - CWMGWRACH TO BURROWS SIDINGS
Clyne LC (TMO)

The Guard or Travelling Shunter is responsible for operation of the gates.
A lineside sign worded “36 MGR” is provided in each direction to assist Drivers in ensuring that the rear of the train is clear
of the crossing prior to the gates being reclosed across the railway.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW892 - CWMGWRACH TO BURROWS SIDINGS
Burrows Sidings

All movements at Burrows Sidings and on lines to the south of Burrows Sidings, including the Kings Dock branch, are
under the control of the Chargeman at Burrows Sidings. Trains leaving Burrows Sidings towards Jersey Marine must NOT
be drawn out of the yard onto or foul of the Single line without the Chargeman's permission nor must any shunting
movement be made which could foul the Single line without their permission.
Ford Motor Co. Sidings. The Firm's representative must be advised (so that the gate can be opened) before departure
from Burrows. Before any movement passes over any level crossing the Shunter must position themselves on the road to
control road traffic by means of flag or handlamp.
Wagon Repairs Ltd Works. The keys to the sidings gates are kept by, and must be returned to, the Burrows Chargeman.
Movements may only be made into the sidings when the Firm's representative is present, they will operate the works gate
and protect the road crossing during shunting. The western siding must not be used for the clearance and stabling of
wagons. The couplings of all vehicles stabled in the sidings must be fully extended.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                   671
