                                                                OFFICIAL


                                  Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



3.3 Working of trains
The signaller is responsible for the regulation of trains between Southall and Brentford.
If the train staff and ticket are both present at the same location and a second train is not required to follow the first train, the
shunter must obtain the train staff. On arrival at the opposite end, the shunter must:
•   at the Brentford end, assume responsibility as the Brentford Person in Charge (PiC)
•   ensure the train is complete and clear of the single line section and advise the signaller accordingly
•   retain the staff on the locomotive at Brentford or place the staff in the special cabinet provided at Southall.
If a second train is to follow the first train, the shunter for the first train must observe the train staff as being present and then
obtain the ticket. The driver must be shown the train staff and then issued with the ticket. On arrival at the opposite end, the
shunter of the first movement must :
•   at the Brentford end, assume responsibility as the PiC,
•   ensure the train is complete and clear of the single line section and advise the signaller accordingly
•   retain the ticket on the locomotive at Brentford or place the ticket in the special cabinet provided at Southall.
Once the second train arrives at the Brentford end with the train staff, the shunter for that train must seek permission from the
PiC already on duty to pass the ‘End of Single Line Section’ board. Once this second train has arrived, the signaller must be
advised that the single line section is clear. Both the PiC and shunter must confer and agree the order of further movements
and exchange contact telephone numbers.
If the train staff only is present, the shunter must understand this to mean that another train is already on the Brentford
branch. In these circumstances, the shunter must examine the train register and obtain the contact telephone number for the
shunter of the train already on the branch which has conveyed the ticket. The shunter must establish that the preceding train
has arrived complete, clear of the single line before obtaining the signaller’s permission to occupy the section and then may
issue the train staff to the driver.
If neither the train staff nor ticket, or only the ticket is present, the shunter must ensure no further movement takes place until
the train staff arrives back at their location.
3.4 Using the train staff for protection of work
As long as no train is within the section, signallers must use this regulation when the train staff is needed to protect work as
shown in:
•   module TS1 General signalling regulations, regulation 13.2, or
•   module T3 Possession of a running line for engineering work.
The train ticket must not be used to protect work.
The PICOP must take the train staff and sign for the possession in the train register kept at Southall and advise the signaller.
During this time, three detonators 20 yards apart must be placed at the stop board at Southall.
The PICOP must, when the line is clear and safe to run over and all trains are clear of the single line, make and sign a
suitable entry in the train register and advise the signaller. The detonators at the stop board must be taken up at the same
time.
When told that the train staff is no longer needed to protect the work, the signaller must get an assurance from the PICOP
that it has been replaced into the locked cabinet at Southall.
3.5 Engineer's train working in section (not under possession)
If an engineer's train requires to work on the single line the driver must be in possession of the train staff. The train staff must
be returned to Southall when the work is completed.


4. Obstruction of the line
If it is necessary to stop trains because of an obstruction or other emergency within the section, the signaller must:
•   if necessary, arrange for train radio messages to be sent
•   place or keep signals at danger to protect the obstruction or other emergency
•   take any other possible action to stop trains.
When the obstruction has been removed and the line is again clear, normal working may be resumed




April 2009                                                     571
