                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



a)   the movement does not proceed beyond the Hanson / Network Rail boundary at 2m 40ch
b)   the train is described as 0Z99 or 8Z99 when undertaking engineering work in connection with Rule Book, Module
     TW1, Section 40
c)   a Hanson PiC is appointed and this person must agree with the Signaller at Westbury the maximum time needed to
     do the work
d)   when hauling wagons, they must remain coupled at all times and the locomotive must always be marshalled at the
     Frome end
e)   when the movement arrives at site, handbrakes and scotches must be applied to the vehicles prior to any engineering
     work commencing
f)   any work being undertaken does not affect the integrity of the signalling system
g)   no other rail mounted plant is allowed on the portion of track.
The Hanson PiC at Whatley Quarry must advise the Westbury Signaller when the privately owned locomotive, or
locomotive with vehicles, has returned to the Quarry. The PiC must confirm that the train is complete and that the line is
clear and safe to run on. Normal working may then be resumed.
Where the work may affect the integrity of the signalling system, protection must be afforded by using Rule Book, Modules
TS1, Regulation 13 or T3, or the special instructions contained in this section.
Protecting engineering work or a hand trolley on Hanson owned infrastructure not under possession. Minor works and
inspections may be undertaken using the provisions of Rule Book, Module TS1, Regulation 13. When additional
protection using detonators is required, the following arrangements apply:
a)   A Hanson Person in Charge (PiC) must be in attendance at the worksite. The PiC must reach a clear understanding
     with the Westbury Signaller as to the location of the worksite.
b)   protection will be afforded by a stop signal being maintained at danger.
c)   the PiC must advise the Westbury Signaller when work is completed.
Possession of the line for engineering work on Hanson owned infrastructure. The usual engineering T3 possession
planning timescales and publication arrangements will not apply on this section of line. Special arrangements apply and
instructions have been issued to the Hanson appointed Person in Charge (PiC) and the Signallers at Westbury signal box.
The times the line will be blocked must be agreed between Network Rail and Hanson and advised to the Westbury
Signaller.
If a Network Rail T3 possession is required after Hanson have commenced engineering work on their portion of the line,
the Network Rail PICOP must contact the Hanson PiC to agree details. In these circumstances the Hanson engineering
works will be incorporated as a work site within the Network Rail T3 possession.
If engineering works within the Hanson work site are completed before the Network Rail T3 possession is given up, the
Hanson PiC must hand the work site back to the Network Rail PICOP. The Network Rail PICOP will be responsible for
advising the Westbury Signaller when the entire route is clear and safe to run on.
If an engineering train is required to enter the Hanson engineering work site from the Frome direction, the Signaller will
authorise Drivers to pass signal W.316 at danger and proceed at caution to the Hanson representative positioned at the
detonator protection at 2m 40ch (site of former Hapsford Junction).
The Hanson PiC must advise the Westbury Signaller when an engineering train is ready to leave the work site at 2m 40ch
and proceed towards Frome.
Where protection has been placed beyond signal W.285, and an engineering train is required to enter the Hanson
engineering work site from the Whatley Quarry direction, the Signaller will authorise Drivers to pass signal W.285 at
danger and proceed at caution to the Hanson representative positioned at the detonator protection.
The Hanson PiC must advise the Westbury Signaller when an engineering train is ready to leave the work site at the
protection approaching signal W.285 and proceed towards Whatley Quarry.
Possession of the line for engineering work on Network Rail owned infrastructure. The usual planning timescales,
publication arrangements and engineering train working will apply. Network Rail possessions will be taken over the whole
route between Frome North Junction and Whatley Quarry.
If a Hanson PiC subsequently requires to undertake engineering work within the Network Rail T3 possession, the PiC
must contact the Network Rail PICOP to agree details. In these circumstances the Hanson engineering works will be
incorporated as a work site within the Network Rail T3 possession.
If the Network Rail T3 possession is required to be given up before Hanson have finished their work, the Network Rail
PICOP must make arrangements with the Hanson PiC. This person must then contact the Westbury Signaller and comply
with the special instructions issued to both parties.




April 2009                                                   616
