                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

The freight representative must contact the PiC and gain authority to take responsibility for the Highworth Branch, before
the PiC can authorise any movement onto the Highworth Branch. They will be known as the ‘Highworth Branch Shunter’.
The PiC will be responsible for ensuring the train is correctly routed and authorised up to SW6512, when they will contact
the TVSC Swindon Signaller to set the route and clear SW6512 signal, allowing the train onto the Highworth Branch.
Once the train is in behind SW6511, the Highworth Branch Shunter will inform the PiC.
If required for shunting purposes, back to back signals SW6512 and SW6511 may be cleared concurrently, and the PiC
and the Highworth Branch Shunter must ensure that no conflicting movement will take place beyond SW6512.
The PiC must request the route to be set for the back to back signals SW6511 and SW6512.
Once shunting has concluded, the Highworth Branch Shunter must contact the PiC, and confirm the train is behind
SW6511, and that the back to back signals are no longer required.
The PiC will contact the TVSC Swindon Signaller to ensure the routes from SW6512 and SW6511 are cancelled.
Before movements can be authorised to leave the Highworth Branch, the Highworth Branch shunter must contact the PiC,
who must ensure the route is set, and will contact the TVSC Swindon Signaller to clear SW6511.
Once the train is in behind SW6512, the Highworth Branch Shunter will inform the PiC.
The Highworth Branch Shunter must hand back their responsibility for the Highworth Branch at a time agreed with the PiC.
Hawksworth Steel Terminal
The PiC will delegate responsibility to a freight representative for the Hawksworth Steel Terminal.
The freight shunter must contact the PIC and gain authority to take responsibility for the Hawksworth Steel Terminal, and
must do so before the PIC can authorise any movement onto the Hawksworth Steel Terminal. They will be known as the
‘Hawksworth Shunter’.
The PiC will be responsible for ensuring the train is correctly routed and authorised up to SW6523, when they will contact
the TVSC Swindon Signaller in order to clear SW6523 and SW6525 signal and route the train toward the Hawksworth
Steel Terminal.
Once the train is in behind SW6525, the Hawksworth Branch Shunter will inform the PiC.
Before movements can be authorised to leave the Hawksworth Steel Terminal, the shunter must contact the PiC, who
must ensure the route is set, and will contact the TVSC Swindon Signaller in order to clear SW6526.
Once the train is in behind SW6523, the Hawksworth Shunter will inform the PiC.
The Hawksworth Shunter must hand back their responsibility for the Hawksworth Steel Terminal at a time agreed with the
PiC.
The Hawksworth Shunter must ensure that the Preymesser warehouse doors and track gates are open prior
to trains arriving at the Hawksworth Steel Terminal. Once the doors are open, the movement can proceed to the edge of
the terminal’s concrete area and be brought to a stand. The Hawksworth Shunter, must then check that the warehouse
line is not obstructed and the green light is illuminated.
Arriving Trains
ECS movements should be planned via Swindon Station, travelling from the East and entering from the West.
For trains arriving via the West End, travelling from the West, the signaller will contact the PIC when the train is
approaching Rushey Platt. Providing the route is set, the PIC will advise the signaller which line the train can be accepted
onto.
Should the PIC be unable to accept the train, it will be held at SW1212 on the Up Main.
Where possible, trains will be routed via platform 1, and will meet the PIC at SW1174, or the ‘rear clear’ marker board. If
the preferred route via Platform 1 is unavailable, the signaller may use the route via Platform 3 or the Up Main.
For trains arriving via the West End, travelling from the East, the signaller will contact the PIC when the train is
approaching Swindon East Junction. Providing the route is set, the PIC will advise the signaller which line the train can be
accepted onto.
Should the PIC be unable to accept the train, it will be held at SW1169 on the Down Swindon Goods.
Once the PiC can accept the train, where possible, trains will be routed via platform 1 at Swindon Station, and will meet
the PIC at SW1174, or the ‘rear clear’ marker board. If the preferred route via Platform 1 is unavailable, the signaller may
use the route via Platform 3 or the Up Main.
For trains arriving via the East End, travelling from the East, the signaller will contact the PiC when the train is approaching
Didcot East Junction, or Didcot North Junction depending on route.
If the PiC cannot accept the train, it should be held in rear of SB951 on the Up Relief at Didcot. Providing the route is set,
the PiC will accept the train and will meet the driver at the East entrance of Swindon Up Yard.




April 2009                                                   552A
