                                                   OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1


Rule Book Module S5 - Passing a signal at danger or an
end of authority (EOA) without a movement authority
(MA)
Section 3, Clause 4 – During the movement
After reaching a clear understanding with the signaller, the driver must ensure that the override symbol is
displayed on the DMI before giving one blast on the horn.
                                                                            Wales Route GI - Dated: 07/06/14


Rule Book Module SP - Speeds
Section 2 - Permissible speeds
Speed signs
The normal ceiling speed for trains in degraded operation (that is, without an MA issued by the ERTMS
system) is 40 km/h in SR mode. However, the driver of a class 158 train in SR mode is permitted to raise the
ceiling speed to 80km/h.
Certain lineside speed signs are provided to assist drivers in degraded operation. These signs are not
applicable to normal working. The signs show the permissible speed at locations where this is lower than the
ceiling speed. At the start of each restriction, a sign indicates the permissible speed and at the end of each
restriction or series of restrictions a sign showing resumption of the ceiling speed is provided.
Km/h speed signs are a roundel with white numbers on a black background with a red border around the
circumference. Some signs show differential speeds. The bottom figure (higher speed) applies to class 158
trains only. The upper figure (slower speed) applies to all other trains.
During degraded working, signallers are not required to remind drivers of speeds below the ceiling speed
EXCEPT for temporary and emergency speed restrictions, details of which will be included in the appropriate
written order.
Any persons who need to walk on or near the line between Sutton Bridge Junction and Aberystwyth and
between Dovey Junction and Pwllheli must continue to obtain information about line speeds from the sectional
appendix and not rely on these lineside signs which only apply during signalling equipment failure conditions.

Section 4 - Emergency speed restriction (ESR)

Emergency speed restriction (ESR) at or near the ERTMS boundary between Sutton Bridge Junction
and Machynlleth

Down direction

The signaller will advise drivers of down trains if an ESR
• commences before and continues after the Start of Cab Signalling board, or
• commences beyond the Start of Cab Signalling board.
Drivers will obtain instructions (written order 03) from the signaller via the GSM-R radio before they depart
Shrewsbury station. This arrangement must continue until the ESR is either withdrawn or programmed into
the system.

Up direction
If an ESR starts before and continues after the End of Cab Signalling board, the signaller will advise drivers
details of the ESR at block marker MH1013 or MH1015 using written order 03. Drivers must not exceed the
equivalent speed in mph on passing the End of Cab Signalling board until reaching the end of the restriction.
The advice must continue until :
• the restriction is withdrawn, or
• the restriction is programmed into the system and lineside equipment is provided for the portion of line
     beyond the End of Cab Signalling board.
If an ESR applies between the End of Cab Signalling board and Sutton Bridge Junction signal SUB11, the
signaller will advise drivers details of the ESR at block marker MH1003. This arrangement must continue until
either the restriction is withdrawn or lineside equipment is provided.
                                                                           Wales Route GI - Dated: 05/12/15

April 2009                                            58C
