                                                            OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




ASSISTING TRAINS ON STEEP GRADIENTS - LOW RAIL
ADHESION
During times of low rail adhesion, trains which have stopped on rising gradients steeper than
1 in 60 due to failure between the following points should normally be assisted in the rear:-
         Newton Abbot to Laira Junction
         Laira Junction to Newton Abbot
         Bodmin Parkway to Liskeard
If this is not practicable, however, the failure can be assisted from the front provided that the assisting loco/ unit;
    •    is fitted with sanding equipment which is working, and
    •    does not exceed 4 mph on the steep falling gradient approaching the disabled train.
                                                                                     Western Route GI - Dated: 21/10/17

BRIMONT ROAD/RAIL TUG UNIT AND TUNNEL
MAINTENANCE UNIT
The following instructions supplement those in the Rule Book, Handbook 15.

    1.   No train, other than the road/rail Tug Unit and its associated vehicles, may be permitted within any work site
         when occupied by these vehicles.
    2.   The road/rail Tug Unit must only be placed on or removed from the track at authorised locations published in the
         Engineering Notices. These must be treated as a work site within the possession concerned.
    3.   No train may be permitted to enter any section of line occupied by this unit or associated vehicles until they are
         within the protection of a work site.
    4.   The extended cantilever section of the inspection platform must not be used unless the adjacent line is under
         possession. When not in use, the cantilever must be secured in the stowed position by means of the padlock
         provided. The ES is responsible for checking that it is secured. Only the ES may hold the key to the padlock.
    5.   When the Tug Unit is used to work the Tunnel Maintenance Unit, a fully trained Driver and assistant must be
         provided. The Driver is responsible for ensuring that the Tug Unit is correctly coupled to the Maintenance Unit
         and that the securing pin is in position. The Driver must carry out a full brake continuity test, having ensured that
         all brake pipes are correctly coupled and cocks are in the correct position.
    6.   Movements to and from the work site must not exceed a speed of 20 mph or such lower speed as may be in
         force.
    7.   The Driver and assistant may only leave the Tug Unit from the side opposite to any line open to traffic.
    8.   The Tunnel Maintenance Unit may only be propelled within a work site. Propelling movements must not exceed
         walking pace and must be under the control of a competent person. The movement must be controlled by
         handsignals, or by the use of the emergency brake application levers in emergency.
    9.   If the Tug Unit fails, it will be necessary for the Driver to disconnect the drive shafts so as to allow it to be hauled
         clear by a locomotive. The Tug Unit cannot be coupled at the front, and if it fails whilst hauling the Tunnel
         Inspection Unit, the assisting locomotive may only attach at the rear.
                                                                                      Western Route GI - Dated: 07/06/14




April 2009                                                      51
