Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




CLASS 253/254 (HST) - WORKING ON ONE ENGINE
ONLY
The following supplement train operating company working instructions when a train is to proceed with only one power car
available for traction :
     1.     Lines over which assistance must always be provided


         Section of line                                        Remarks

         Exeter St David’s to Exeter Central                    Up direction only.

         Par and Newquay                                        Assistance must be provided on the front in the down
                                                                direction. In the up direction the assisting locomotive
                                                                should not normally apply power and MUST NOT apply
                                                                power when approaching AOCL level crossings.

         Swansea Loop West Jn to Cockett Tunnel                 Down direction only.


     2.     Lines over which assistance must be provided under certain conditions
     •      Newton Abbot to Plymouth
     •      Plymouth to Newton Abbot (train may proceed as far as Tavistock Jn if this would facilitate assistance)
     •      Paignton to Newton Abbot
     •      Par to St Austell
     •      Llandeilo Junction to Cockett Tunnel
     •      Fishguard Harbour to Clarbeston Road Junction

            If any of the following circumstances apply in respect of the above sections, assistance must be provided:
            a) the train comprises more than 8 trailer vehicles.
            b) rail head conditions in the area concerned are reported as poor, for example during falling snow, severe frost,
            drizzle or period of leaf fall.
            c) other technical problems exist with the train, to which the driver or the train operator’s fleet controller will draw
            attention.
            d) signalling equipment failures or temporary / emergency speed restrictions exist in the section preventing an
            unchecked run being made.


     3. Authority to proceed unassisted over the lines listed in 2. above.

For trains comprising not more than 8 trailer vehicles, an HST may proceed unassisted provided that none of the
circumstances listed in clause 2 exist and that the following arrangements are made:

a)   the appropriate train operator’s fleet controller must obtain the permission of Network Rail operations control,

b)   Network Rail operations control must ascertain that local weather conditions are suitable, and arrange (as far as is
     practicable) with the controlling signaller for a “clear run” to be provided as indicated below:




April 2009                                                         55
