                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW4501 - STOKE GIFFORD JN TO BRISTOL BULK HANDLING
TERMINAL
Avonmouth PBA Sidings

The instructions in the Working Manual for Rail Staff, Part 3 (Pink Pages), Section D2 apply to these sidings.
The PiC of any movement due to arrive in the sidings must reach a clear understanding with the PiC of any movement
already taking place in the sidings.
The PiC must operate the acceptance plunger to allow the St Andrews Junction signaller to set a route for a movement
arriving in the sidings.
Intrinsically safe hand lamps for use in the siding are located in the Shunters' Cabin and must be returned after use.
Propelled movements over the AVI weighing area must not exceed a speed of 3 mph.
Controlling movements
The communications procedure in Rule Book Module G1 applies to all communication between PiC (call sign Rail PiC)
and driver (call sign Rail driver).
The PiC and driver must test the radio equipment so that both roles can send and receive radio messages, before making
any movement. If the radio equipment is not working, the movement must be controlled by hand signals.
If there is a break in transmission, the driver must stop immediately and restart only when communication by radio is
available again, or the movement can be controlled by hand signals.
When shunting is finished, the driver must return the radio set to the PiC.
                                                                                                       Dated: 24/09/2018


GW4501 - STOKE GIFFORD JN TO BRISTOL BULK HANDLING
TERMINAL
Portbury Terminal Jn To Bristol Bulk handling Terminal
The Person in Charge at Bristol Bulk Handling Terminal (BBHT) will authorise all movements within the terminal.
Trains for loading. Trains for loading must, when authorised, proceed through the Hopper on to No.1 or No.2 Hopper line
for the locomotive to run round.
Loading is controlled by Loading Indicators.
When the train is ready for tare weighing, loading and gross weighing, the Driver must haul the train through the hopper
and proceed controlled by the loading signals at a speed not exceeding ½ mph.
When loading is completed and the loading signals switched out, the Person in Charge at BBHT will authorise the Driver
to draw forward to the signal to await departure.
Limited Clearance. All lines through and adjacent to the Hoppers have limited clearance. Cab doors and windows on
Locomotives must be closed when working in this area.
Crippled Wagons. Crippled wagons must be detached and spare wagons attached in accordance with instructions given
by the Person in Charge at BBHT who will control the movements by means of radio communication, as detailed in the
"Use of Radio Communication" below.
Use of Radio Communication. These instructions supplement Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 5.2.
On the Driver obtaining a radio set from the Person in Charge at BBHT, the Driver will be given a "call sign". A
satisfactory radio transmission test must be conducted between both individuals. All instructions during shunting
operations must be transmitted by radio.
All instructions must be acknowledged and must be preceded by the "call sign" notified by the Person in Charge at BBHT.
RADIO DISCIPLINE MUST BE MAINTAINED AT ALL TIMES.
Should the radio messages cease to be received or acknowledged at any time, the Driver MUST immediately stop any
movements until radio communication has been restored or, in the case of radio communication not being able to be
restored, it is agreed that handsignalling is adopted.
The Driver must return the radio set to the Person in Charge at BBHT when shunting operations have been completed.
                                                                                                       Dated: 05/12/2015




April 2009                                                  605
