                              Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



Locomotives entering Machen Quarry via the outlet connection must be brought to a stand when inside the ground frame
trap point. This trap point must be clipped and padlocked before any facing movements are made towards Park Junction
and the speed of such movements must not exceed 5 mph. A point clip and padlock will be issued by the Signaller at
Park Junction on the outward journey.
When shunting has to be performed at Machen Quarry the Driver must hand the train staff to the Guard or Shunter to
enable the ground frame to be operated. When shunting has been completed and the ground frame restored to the
normal position the Guard or Shunter must return the train staff to the Driver.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/08/06

GW784 - ALEXANDRA DOCK JCN TO 160M 27CH (BOUNDARY WITH
NEWPORT DOCKS)
Newport Docks

Control of Movements. For operation of the Single line between AD Yard and Newport Docks see route GW900.
Under normal conditions only one locomotive in power will be permitted to operate within the Docks beyond the "Stop"
board at the Docks end of the Single line. Authority to enter/leave the Docks will be given by the Person in Charge at AD
Yard. The Shunter accompanying the movement will carry out the provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2 as
appropriate.
Before any rail movements, whether hauled or propelled, are made over a level crossing, the Shunter will position himself
on the roadway and control road traffic by means of flag or handlamp.
Locomotive Drivers must sound the locomotive horn at all times when approaching level crossings.
All movements over Docks lines are subject to a maximum speed of 4 mph.
The continuous automatic brake MUST be used for movements over Docks sidings wherever available.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/08/06


GW790 – PENGAM JN TO 4M 54CH (ABP) CARDIFF DOCKS
Entire Line Of Route

All train movements within Cardiff Docks and Tidal Sidings are under the control of
the Train Operating Company Person-in-Charge (PiC). The signaller must give the
PiC advance notice of the approach of trains and obtain the PiC’s permission before
clearing down direction signal CF7027. The PiC must obtain the signallers
permission before authorising up trains to pass stop board CF7030


                                                                                                       Dated: 29/06/15




April 2009                                                 657
