                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
BATH SPA

Right Away (RA) indicators
Right Away (RA) indicators are provided at each end of the down platform. The up-direction indicator associated with
signal BL1916 is located just off the London end of the platform and the down direction indicator is situated on signal
BL1917. Associated plungers are provided on the platform.
This facility is provided for the PIC of dispatch to relay the guard’s ready-to-start signal to the driver where the train is not
fitted with bell or buzzer communication or where this equipment is not working.
Down train dispatch – passing the next signal at danger
The driver must tell the guard and PIC of dispatch when it is necessary to pass the next signal (Down Main line BL1917 or
Up Main line [down direction] BL1919) at danger.
The above instruction does not apply to a train or locomotive which is to reverse in a platform for the purposes of the driver
changing ends (or leaving the station when the line ahead of the next signal, to Down Bath Goods Loop is occupied).
Note: in both circumstances, the banner repeating signal at the Bristol end of the platform will be on when the signal to
which it applies is at danger and any associated Off indicator will not be lit.
When departing a platform toward the next signal at danger and the associated banner repeating signal is on, the driver
must proceed at a speed which will allow them to stop the train short of signal BL1919.
Reversibly signalled lines – Down train terminating on the Up Main line and returning in the right direction
When starting the return journey in the right direction, the driver must proceed at a speed which will allow them to stop the
train at Up Main line signal BL1914 if necessary.
Signal post telephones. Telephones associated with signals BL1913, BL1917, and BL1919 are located in locked
cupboards opened by a BR no. 1 key.
Down Bath Goods Loop. Trains of 50 SLUs or less which are diverted to the Down Bath Goods Loop must be brought to a
stand at the stop board to await the clearing of the loop exit signal BL1925.
                                                                                                            Dated: 13/05/2019

GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
Bristol East Depot Down Sdg

The spur siding between position light signal BL6649 and the stop board must be left clear of vehicles except during
shunting operations.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/04/2018

GW105 - UFFINGTON TO FORDGATE VIA BOX
Bristol West Jn To BEDMINSTER

Reduction of noise and pollution from High Speed Trains (HST)
When stabling an HST at position-light signal BL6734, the driver must shut down the London end power car after changing
ends, with the electric train supply provided from the Taunton end power car. The London end power car must be
restarted when the train arrives at Bristol Temple Meads.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/04/2018




April 2009                                                     555
