                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
Acton Yard and Down and Up Poplar lines The preferred method of starting trains from the following signals is for the
driver to contact the signaller by GSM-R radio. ‘Train Ready to Start’ plungers fixed to the signal post are also provided.
    •      Up Poplar line                               SN182
    •      Reception line 1 East end           SN184
    •      Reception line 1 West end           SN193
    •      Down Poplar line                    SN197
Drivers of trains standing at these signals must either contact the signaller by GSM-R radio or operate the plunger to
indicate that they are ready to depart.
                                                                                                             Dated: 29/12/15


GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
West Ealing Loops/Light Maintenance Depot (LMD)

West Ealing Light Maintenance Depot (LMD)
West Ealing sidings No.2 & No.3 are private sidings used by GWR and designated West Ealing LMD. A person in charge
(PIC) is appointed who is responsible for the safe operations within these two sidings. A shunters acceptance panel is
provided which interfaces to the TVSC Acton workstation/signalling system. This comprises of TRTS buttons, a train
describer and acceptance slots (interlocked to the signals routing into the LMD on sidings 2&3) to control arrival
movements from each of the 4 directions.
Arrivals
When the PIC is able to accept an arriving train, they will provide the appropriate acceptance slot in good time so as to not
cause delay. The PIC is responsible for ensuring there is sufficient room within each siding to accommodate the train
movement, the PIC is also responsible for ensuring that only one train movement is taking place within the LMD at a time.
VSTP and non timetabled moves must be agreed with the PIC in advance.
Departures
The PIC will interpose the departing trains headcode using the LMD train describer, they will ensure the headcode is input
in sufficient time to avoid delay. When the train is ready to depart, the PIC will activate the corresponding TRTS.
Protection
Anybody wishing to gain access to sidings No.2 & No.3 must seek the permission/authority of the GWR PIC.
Before granting any permission to work on the line, the PIC will ensure the acceptance switches are in the N position and
any corresponding white LED light is extinguished.
GWR protection arrangements for the sidings will be undertaken by utilising GE/RT/8000 T10, or GE/RT/8000 TS1 13.4 /
Handbook 13 Duties of a PICOS.
Where no PIC is on duty, GWR control will assume responsibility for agreeing access.
                                                                                                             Dated: 09/02/19
GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
HANWELL
Wharncliffe Viaduct - Personal Track Safety. The section of line between 7m. 42ch and 7m. 54ch is a designated
restricted access area because of limited clearances and sighting and lack of refuges.
The appropriate line(s) at the site must be protected in accordance with Rule Book, Modules TS1, Regulation 13 or T3
before persons go on or near the line in this area. Drivers and other members of traincrew when carrying out the
provisions of Rule Book, Modules M1, M2, SS2, S4 and TW1, 5, 7 and 8 are exempt from this requirement.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/12/13
GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
Hanwell Bridge Sidings
Reception of trains. Before signalling a train to enter the sidings, the Signaller will obtain the permission of the Person-in-
Charge, who must operate the acceptance plunger.
                                                                                                             Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                   540
