                                                            OFFICIAL


Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




FOOT OR BARROW CROSSINGS BETWEEN
PLATFORMS
At staffed stations where foot or barrow level crossings are provided but public access is only permitted via a footbridge or
subway, whenever practicable station staff must prevent members of the public using the level crossing or otherwise
crossing the line.
Staff must report any irregular or unauthorised use of foot or barrow crossings, and any missing or defaced warning signs.
The manager concerned must tell the Network Rail Head of Operations Delivery.
Where public use of foot or barrow crossings is permitted only when escorted by railway personnel, staff must only carry
this out if their employer has suitably briefed them.
                                                                                     Western Route GI - Dated: 13/05/19

GROUND FRAMES EQUIPPED WITH KEY INSTRUMENT
RELEASED FROM A SIGNALBOX
1.   The Ground Frame Operator must telephone the Signaller for permission to use the ground frame. When told that the
     release can be granted, the Operator must -
     •   turn the key in the release instrument anti-clockwise from No.1 to No.2 position
     •   wait for the indicator to show “Free”
     •   turn the key to the No.3 position and withdraw it.
         NOTE: At ground frames where a short length track circuit is provided just in advance of the trailing end of the
         points, the track circuit must be occupied for one minute before the key in the release instrument can be turned to
         the No.2 position.
2.   When the key is released, the Operator may put it into the ground frame Annett's lock in order to work the levers.
3.   If the train is not to shut in, the Operator must keep the key out of the release instrument until the train is ready to
     depart.
4.   If the train is to shut in, the Operator must assure the Signaller on completion of shunting that vehicles are clear of the
     running line and the ground frame has been restored to normal. The Signaller may give instructions as to the time that
     the train is required to leave.
5.   When shunting has been completed and the train is either (a) clear of the points ready to depart, or (b) has been
     shunted into the siding clear of all running lines and the points have been restored to normal, the Operator must -
     •   take the key out of the ground frame Annett’s lock
     •   replace the Annett's key in the release instrument
     •   turn the key clockwise to the No.1 position
     •   tell the Signaller (and press the plunger where one is provided)
     •   remain at the ground frame until the Signaller confirms that all is in order.
6.   If a ground frame is being released to work a crossover during Single Line Working, the Operator must keep the
     Annett's key out of the release instrument until normal working is about to be resumed. For other shunting movements
     over crossovers, the Operator must comply with 5. above as soon as the movement has passed clear of the
     crossover points concerned.
7.   The Operator must not use excessive force when manipulating release instrument keys.
                                                                                     Western Route GI - Dated: 04/04/09




April 2009                                                      59
