                                  Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


GW178 - SOUTHALL TO BRENTFORD GOODS
Entire Line Of Route

Train Staff and Ticket (TST) – instructions to the signaller and others
1. Definitions
Home signal: At Southall and Brentford this function is carried out by “End of Single Line Section” boards which control
the exit from the one-train section.
Section signal: At Southall and Brentford this function is carried out by “Commencement of Single Line” boards which
control the entrance to the one-train section.
Clearing point: No clearing points are provided as this is a goods only line.


2. Principle
2.1 Principle of TST working
The principle of TST working is to prevent more than one train being in the section at the same time.
2.2 Handling the staff and ticket
The line between Southall and Brentford Goods is worked under the authority of the signaller. A shunter is authorised to
receive the train staff or ticket from, or deliver the train staff or ticket to the driver, working to the signaller’s instructions.
A train staff and a single metal ticket are provided. When not in use the train staff and ticket must be kept in the locked
cabinet at Southall or retained on the locomotive at Brentford.
Where a train has more than one locomotive at the leading end, the shunter must give the train staff or ticket to the driver
of the leading locomotive.
2.3 Communications
Communications with drivers may be managed by the shunter working to the signaller’s instructions except in the following
circumstances when the signaller must speak directly to the driver:
•   when it is necessary to provide specific information about an event or issue in the section which requires the driver to
    proceed at caution
•   when the train is used to examine the line
•   after a train or vehicles have proceeded without authority (including a SPAD) or a divided train
•   if another traction unit is to enter the section to remove a portion of a train
•   when it is necessary for a train to pass through the section after a failed train has been recovered from the section.


3. Method of signalling
3.1 Method of signalling
The driver of the leading locomotive must be in possession of the correct train staff or ticket before entering or fouling the
section, except where the train staff or ticket is not required when:
•   the train is to enter the section as shown in module T3 Possession of a running line for engineering work
•   the train is to enter the section as an assisting train
•   working by pilotman is in operation.
The signaller must be told whether the train is conveying the train staff or the ticket and permission from the signaller must
be obtained to occupy the section.
3.2 Recording movements
A train register is provided at Southall. The shunter and signaller must record the following details:
•   name of shunter and contact telephone number
•   train identification number
•   time that the train staff or ticket is removed
•   time that the train staff or ticket is replaced.




April 2009                                                       570
