                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



The principle is to prevent more than one train being in the single line section at the same time.
Normal method of signalling trains
The Person in Charge at Cwmbargoed (PiC), is responsible for operating the ‘train arrived complete’ and ‘offer’ buttons on
the Shunters interface panel at Cwmbargoed. The following indications are normally displayed :
Normal – white light
If lamp out call signaller – blue light
If these indications are not illuminated as expected the signaller must be advised.
Drivers must operate the ‘train arrived complete’ button at the drivers interface panel at Ystrad Mynach.
Down direction movements
The PiC must contact the signaller when a train is ready to depart from Cwmbargoed and advise the headcode and
destination. If possible, the signaller will then accept the train and instruct the PiC to press the ‘offer’ button. The ‘offer’
button must be held in until the ‘train accepted’ indication is illuminated. Signal CF2581 should then clear for the train to
depart.
When the train arrives complete at signal CF2587, the driver must press and hold the ‘train arrived complete’ button until
the ‘plunger registered’ indication is illuminated. This will allow the signaller to clear signal CF2587.
Up direction movements
The PiC must advise the signaller if it is not possible to accept a train at Cwmbargoed for whatever reason. If no advise is
received, the signaller will route up trains onto the branch normally.
The PiC is responsible for authorising drivers to pass up direction STOP board CF2583 at Cwmbargoed. When the train
arrives complete within the sidings, the PiC must press and hold the ‘train arrived complete’ button until the ‘train in
section’ indication goes out and the ‘normal’ indication illuminates. This will reset the system and allow another train to be
signalled onto the branch if necessary.
Trains not proceeding
The PiC must tell the signaller when, for whatever reason, a train is not going to proceed onto the single line at
Cwmbargoed after being accepted. The PiC must then press and hold the ‘train arrived complete’ button until the ‘train in
section’ indication goes out and the ‘normal’ indication illuminates.
Occupying the single line for shunting purposes
Shunting onto the single line at Cwmbargoed is not permitted.
When it is necessary for a shunting movement to enter the section at Ystrad Mynach, the complete movement must
reverse behind down direction signal CF2587. The driver must then press and hold the ‘train arrived complete’ button until
the ‘plunger registered’ indication is illuminated. Signal CF2587 can then be cleared for the return movement.
Train requiring to stop in section
When a train is required to stop in the section, the signaller and person in charge of the train movement must agree :
•    where the train is to stop and why
•    the approximate time the train will occupy the section.
If the train concerned returns to where it started from, the instructions regarding occupying the single for shunting
purposes shown above must apply.
Obstruction of the line
If it is necessary to stop trains because of an obstruction or other emergency within the section, the signaller will
immediately :
•    place or keep signals at danger to protect the obstruction or other emergency
•    if necessary, arrange for train radio messages to be sent




April 2009                                                     659
