                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



(i)      Remove, by lifting and pulling forward, the rear panel of the wire cage. Unlock and remove the sheet metal cover
of the control box at all failed barriers.
(ii)     Raise each barrier successively as described in paragraphs (iii) to (vi) below.
NOTE: At Iron Acton By-pass level crossing, barriers 1 and 3 must NOT be raised until or unless barriers 2 and 4 are fully
raised.
(iii)    Operate the two hydraulic valves located within the barrier control box (which has been exposed by removal of its
cover) to their fully OPEN position, indicated by a correspondingly marked arrow (anti-clockwise).
(iv)     Lift the rod, which has a hooked end and which is pivoted to the right of the control box, to the vertical position.
(v)      Manually lift the barrier to the fully raised position and lower the rod so that its hooked end engages with the
horizontal bar at the counterweighted end of the barrier.
(vi)     Leaving the valves in the OPEN position, replace the wire cage panel and replace the control box cover.
(vii)     Repeat the procedure of operating and leaving OPEN the hydraulic valves and engaging the rod (which will
involve partially lowering the barrier to enable the procedure shown in (iv) above to be followed) at any barrier which may
have fully risen, replacing the wire cage panel and replacing and locking the control box cover afterwards.
                                                                                                             Dated: 03/12/11

GW440 - YATE SOUTH JN TO WESTERLEIGH
Yate South Jn

Trains to or from the Westerleigh branch from or to the Bristol direction must proceed to the "Stop" board at Yate Middle
Jn where the Trainman/Shunter must ensure that the points are set correctly and that no conflicting movements are taking
place, the train may then proceed onto the Tytherington branch where the locomotive must run-round.
The locomotive must not pass the "Stop" board on the Outgoing line until an assurance has been received from the
Signaller that no conflicting movement has been signalled from signal B609. The train may depart via the Incoming line on
clearance of signal B504.
                                                                                                             Dated:05/08/06




April 2009                                                   600
