                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW660 - PAR TO NEWQUAY
Trencreek LC (AOCL)

The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8 apply at this crossing with the following
modifications:
The crossing is operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver’s plunger.
In the event of the crossing sequence not being initiated by the approach of the train or should the white light stop flashing
before the train reaches the crossing, the Driver must operate the plunger to activate the crossing. The plunger is located
in a locked cabinet (unlocked by a BR no. 1 key), and is located on the same post as the Drivers red/white flashing light.
When the white light is flashing the Driver may proceed as normal.
If after operation of the plunger the white light still does not flash the Driver must treat the crossing as failed.
                                                                                                                Dated: 05/08/06

GW660 - PAR TO NEWQUAY
NEWQUAY

The guard must contact the signaller on arrival and advise the actual arrival time and expected departure time of the train.
If departure is delayed, the signaller must be advised of the actual departure time. In the event of a telephone failure, the
signaller should be contacted from an alternative telephone or advised at the first suitable opportunity.

If it is not possible to communicate with the signaller before departure, the guard must advise the driver. The driver must
be prepared to approach at caution user worked crossings where telephones are provided on the return journey to
Goonbarrow Junction and ensure they are clear before proceeding.

                                                                                                                Dated: 26/09/15

GW672 - BURNGULLOW TO PARKANDILLACK
Burngullow Jn To Parkandillack

The Shunter-in-Charge must record all times at which the Train Staff is issued and collected from Drivers, and must keep
the Train Staff in the proper place when not in use.
The Par signaller must record in the train register details of the person in charge and at what time the train staff is
withdrawn and replaced, and for what purpose.
Should a train become disabled or divided in the single line section, the Shunter must confer as necessary with the Par
Signaller as to how the train is to be protected and assistance obtained, and instruct the Driver accordingly. The Driver
must retain possession of the train staff until the whole train has been removed from the single line or any detached
portion has been placed clear in an intermediate siding.
                                                                                                                Dated: 04/04/09




April 2009                                                     641
