                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW750 - HEREFORD/BRECON CURVE GF TO MEB SIDING
Entire Line Of Route
Trains propelled from Hereford to Bulmers/MEB sidings must have a brake van, equipped with Guard's brake valve and
klaxon, as the leading vehicle; the Shunter must ride in this van and operate the klaxon as necessary. The brake van
must NOT have a stove. Propelled movements must not exceed 5 mph.
Radio contact must be maintained between the Shunter and the Driver, and if contact is lost the Driver must STOP
immediately. Messages must be preceded by the call signs "Brecon Curve Shunter to Brecon Curve Driver" or vice versa,
as appropriate, and must be acknowledged by repetition. Before the propelling movement commences a successful radio
test must be made between brake van and locomotive. Only the authorised radios may be used on this line.
The train staff for the Hereford Yard - Bulmers gate section is kept in Hereford Signal Box. The keys for Burcott Road
Level Crossing gates and to Bulmers gate/train staff cupboard are attached to the train staff.
The Shunter must advise the Person in Charge at MEB sidings when a train is ready to leave Hereford Yard.
On arrival at the "Stop" board outside Bulmers gate the Shunter must:-
Unlock and open the gate,
unlock the cupboard and obtain the train staff for Bulmers siding (trains must NOT proceed further without this train staff),
ensure that the foot crossing is clear and inform the Driver, by radio, that the Bulmers train staff (which may be carried in
    the brake van) has been obtained and that the train may proceed.
The gate must be closed and locked after the train has passed through.
On arrival at the "Stop" board outside the MEB gate, the Shunter must obtain authority from the MEB representative
before instructing the Driver, by radio, that the train may proceed.
On the return journey, at the "Stop" board inside Bulmers gate, the Shunter must : -
Unlock and open the gate,
unlock the cupboard and replace the train staff for Bulmers siding, relock the cupboard,
ensure that the foot crossing is clear and inform the Driver that the train may proceed.
The gate must be closed and locked after the train has passed through.
Should a train become disabled or divided on the single line, the Driver must retain possession of the train staff until the
whole of the train has been removed from the single line. The Shunter must arrange for the necessary assistance and
personally accompany the assisting engine; in these circumstances, the Driver of an assisting engine may enter the single
line without the train staff.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW773 - MACHEN QUARRY TO PARK JUNCTION
Machen Quarry Inlet GF

When no Shunter is on duty the Guard must carry out the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, as appropriate, at these
sidings.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW773 - MACHEN QUARRY TO PARK JUNCTION
Machen Quarry

All arriving and departing trains. The Driver or Shunter (as appropriate) must advise the Park Junction Signaller:
         (i)      as soon as the train arrives and,
         (ii)     when the train is ready to return towards Park Junction
If, due to failure of telephone communication the Driver or Shunter has been unable to contact the Signaller, and contact
cannot be made from a suitable alternative telephone, the Driver must satisfy himself that all level crossings on the return
journey to Park Junction are clear and must be prepared to stop short of each one if necessary.
The inlet and outlet connections for Machen Quarry are normally set for through running over the Single line and are
worked by single lever ground frames released by Annett's key which is attached to the train staff. A telephone is provided
in a locked steel box at each ground frame. The boxes are opened by a BR No.1 key.




April 2009                                                   656
