                              Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



Drivers must immediately bring the movement to a stand when the indicators show "Stop". Should it be necessary to
make a further movement of the train towards the stop blocks, the shunter must operate the indicators and the driver must
immediately bring the movement to a stand when they again show "Stop".
Should the treadle switch indicator remain illuminated after a movement has come to a stand, the train must be drawn
forward until the indicator is extinguished.
In the event of the treadle switches being inoperative, the shunter must operate the indicators to bring movements to a
stand before reaching the stop blocks.
Locomotives must not proceed beyond the "Stop - Await Instructions" board at the entrance to the hopper house without
authority from the PiC.
Discharge of trains must be carried out in accordance with the instructions applicable to the type of wagons forming the
train.
The PiC must advise the signaller when the locomotive(s) have been re-attached to the Westbury end of the train and
obtain permission to proceed towards signal T6825.
Oil Sidings (also known as the Murco Sidings) – Sidings accessed from Nos. 2 or 1 Reception lines via position light signal
T6821 and signal box controlled points 8837 or Theale Goods Loop via position light signal T6819 and signal box
controlled points 8835 and 8837.
All movements within the Oil Sidings must be controlled by back-to-back radio handsets and hand signals. Intrinsically
safe radios must be used within the terminal. All staff must ensure mobile phones are not carried onto the site.
The instructions in the Working Manual for Rail Staff, Part 3 (Pink Pages), Section D2 apply.


                                                                                                        Dated: 27/06/15


GW500 – READING TO COGLOAD JUNCTION VIA WESTBURY AND
FROME A/LS
BETWEEN THATCHAM AND NEWBURY

Signage for Class 80x
Signage is provided and is applicable to Class 80x IET’s only. This signage is for Class 80xtrains to PAN UP and PAN
DOWN at line speed. These signs are provided on the Up Westbury and Down Westbury.
                                                                                                     Dated: 14/09/2019




April 2009                                                608B
