Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR1




Overlay Miniature Stop Light (OMSL) level crossings
Certain level crossings are provided with overlay miniature stop light equipment. Like conventional Miniature Stop Light
(MSL) crossings, these provide indications to the users of the crossings on whether it is safe to cross (green) or not safe to
cross (red). The system is designed to overlay existing infrastructure without interacting with it, however permissible
speeds in the wrong direction on the approach should be identified on multiple track lines by wrong direction speed
boards. The system is usually activated by wheel sensors that operate in a similar way to axle counters – when they
detect a train, they set the lights to red, when the train hits the strike out sensor the lights go to green.
Where a system failure is detected or operational scenario (e.g. train failure, engineering works) may incur the red
indication for excessive periods, user indications are suppressed and the lights go into ‘dark mode’. On encountering this
mode, the user is directed on safe operation by the signage provided, however they can be reactivated by another train
passing or through a manual reset.
All staff should note that, like axle counters, using metal tools or simply passing within a metre wearing safety boots can
cause activation of these sensors, and should be avoided.
                                                                               Western Route GI - Dated: 29/02/2020

PASSAGE OF LOCOMOTIVES OVER WEIGHBRIDGES
Locomotives are prohibited from passing over the weighing rails of weighbridges, except at:-
          1. MGR installations.
          2. ARC weighbridge, Whatley.
          3. Foster Yeoman weighbridge, Merehead.
          4. Carne Point, Fowey.
          5. Cardiff Cathays (Class 08/ 09 locomotives only)
          6. Barry Docks, Dow Corning (Class 08/ 09 locomotives only)
NOTE: The maximum permissible speed of vehicles passing over weighbridges is 4 mph.
                                                                                  Western Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                   76A
