                                                          OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW871 - FORD SIDING GF TO FORD WORKS, WATERTON
Entire Line Of Route

Waterton level crossing
Rail movements over this crossing must normally only take place between the hours of 2100 and 0700. The instructions
for "Automatic Open Crossings, Locally Monitored (AOCL)" in the Rule Book, Module TW8, Section 4 apply at this
crossing. Trains are required to stop before proceeding over the crossing. Plungers are provided to start and terminate
the road light sequence.
Inward Movements
Upon arrival of a train for Ford’s at Fords Junction, the Signaller must immediately advise the Firm's representative.
Trains are to be brought to a stand at the marker board situated 450 yards from the ground frame connection.
Before operating the plunger at Waterton (A48) level crossing the Guard or Train Operating Company Shunter (PiC) must
contact the Firm's representative on the telephone provided at the "Stop" board and obtain an assurance that the security
gates are open, the route is properly set for the train to enter an empty siding and the Firm's locomotive is clear of the
branch and at a stand.
The PiC must, when the train has passed clear of the crossing complete with tail lamp, operate the plunger located in the
box near the security gate to terminate the light sequence.
The PiC is responsible for detaching the locomotive from the train.
Movements within Ford’s plant are under the control of the Firm's Shunter.
Outward Movements
The PiC is responsible for attaching the locomotive to the train.
Before operating the plunger at Waterton (A48) level crossing, the Guard PiC must contact the Firm's representative on
the telephone and arrange for the security gate to be opened.
The PiC must, when the train has passed clear of the crossing complete with tail lamp, operate the plunger located in the
box near the crossing inwards side to terminate the light sequence.
Trains are brought to a stand at the marker board situated 450 yards from the level crossing (A48).
After the ground frame release is obtained and the route set, the train will proceed to signal CF3448 on the up VOG line
and wait for the PiC to rejoin the train.
In an emergency trains may work into and out of the branch via Bridgend, when a second locomotive must be attached at
the rear of the train.
No.5 Siding (Cripple siding)
The points leading to this siding must be set for through running and secured by clip and padlock. When repair work is
being carried out in the siding the RST must obtain the key from the Firm's security representative at the entrance gate to
the works siding and retain it in their possession until work in the siding is completed. The key must be returned to the
security representative.
In the event of the Firm requiring to make a movement into the siding whilst repairs are being carried out, the RST must
hand the key to the Firm's Shunter and give an assurance that no one is working in the siding. If work in the siding is to
continue after the shunting movement has been completed, the RST must obtain the key from the Firm's Shunter.
Failure of white light at Waterton level crossing
An emergency telephone connected to the Wales Railway Operating Centre at Cardiff is provided at each "Stop" board. If
the white light is not illuminated and the Driver cannot be satisfied that it is safe to pass over the crossing they must
contact the Signaller and request that assistance be provided.
                                                                                                          Dated: 01/06/19




April 2009                                                   667
