                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW930 - CARMARTHEN JN TO CARMARTHEN STATION GF
CARMARTHEN (CAERFYRDDIN)

Trains not exceeding 20 SLUs may be propelled between Llanstephan Road signal CJ41 and Carmarthen Station (via
Down Main line and Carmarthen Bridge Junction) and between Llanstephan Road signal CJ41 and Carmarthen Junction
(via Down Main line only).
A maximum of 35 SLUs may be propelled between Carmarthen Junction and Carmarthen Station (via Down/Up Branch).
Propelling may be carried out in both directions between these locations. The Driver must, wherever possible, travel in the
leading cab of the locomotive.
When a propelling movement is being made from Llanstephan Road signal CJ41 to Carmarthen Station via Carmarthen
Bridge Junction, the Guard or Shunter must travel on the locomotive to signal CJ13 where the movement must be brought
to a stand.
Stop boards on platform lines. Drivers must understand that clearance of the main aspect at signals CJ10 or CJ13
indicates that the line is clear to the “Stop” board only.
Drivers may only pass the “Stop” board concerned when authorised to do so by the Carmarthen Station Ground Frame
Operator. Locomotives or vehicles must not be berthed on the headshunt at the North end of the station. The ground
frame must not be restored to normal whilst locomotives or vehicles are occupying the headshunt.
Station Carriage Sidings - Carriage Cleaning. Rule Book, Module T10 and TW1 as applicable, apply. At this location
carriage cleaners work in teams and each team will have a leader who will be the “Designated Person” referred to in the
Rule Book. Before work commences the Designated Person must comply with the requirements of the Rule Book on each
occasion that carriage cleaning or servicing takes place. When work has ceased, the Designated Person must ensure that
all staff are clear of the vehicles and in a position of safety before the protection arrangements are withdrawn.
                                                                                                            Dated: 01/08/10

GW930 - CARMARTHEN JN TO CARMARTHEN STATION GF
CARMARTHEN (CAERFYRDDIN)
Class 80x
Due to restricted platform lengths, only 5 car IET’s are permitted in passenger operations at Carmarthen.
                                                                                                            Dated: 09/03/19

GW950 - WHITLAND TO PEMBROKE DOCK
WHITLAND
Trains from Up Branch to Up Main line platform. Up Trains must be brought to a stand with the driving cab opposite the
signal box. The Driver must then cross the driving cab and hand the token to the Signaller.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

GW950 - WHITLAND TO PEMBROKE DOCK
TENBY / DINBYCH-Y-PYSGOD (TEP)
The motor-worked points at each end of Tenby (TY) loop are numbered and the position of the points is as described
below:
Whitland end – TY2
NORMAL – Set for down direction trains to arrive in the down loop
REVERSE – Set for up direction trains to leave the Up loop
Pembroke Dock end – TY1
NORMAL – Set for up direction trains to arrive in the up loop
REVERSE – Set for down direction trains to leave the down loop
Token instruments – Portable token magazines. Drivers must ensure that when placing tokens in these instruments the
portable magazine is first filled. If drivers notice that there are six or less tokens in a token machine they must advise the
signaller so that arrangements can be made to transfer tokens.
Failure of signalling equipment. When a train is to proceed to Pembroke Dock in accordance with clause 8.4 of the NSTR
Regulations, the special authority card will give permission to proceed to Pembroke Dock and return to Tenby. The card
must be cancelled on arrival back at Tenby according to the provisions of clause 8.4.3.
                                                                                                            Dated: 01/08/10




April 2009                                                   692
