                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW877 - TONDU TO PORT TALBOT DOCKS (OGMORE VALE
EXTENSION)
Margam Diesel Depot

Diesel Depot. Incoming locomotives will be stabled on the Inlet road unless Drivers have received alternative instructions.
All movements from the "Stop" board will be made under the jurisdiction of the Shed Driver.
Locomotives leaving the depot via the Depot Outwards Road must be brought to a stand at the exit ground position light
signal PT.3339. Drivers must contact the Signaller and advise the identity and destination of the locomotive.
In the event of the Depot Outwards Road or Depot Inwards Road being unavailable, the working of locomotives to and
from the depot must be specially arranged in accordance with special instructions issued to the Port Talbot Signaller.
In accordance with Rule Book, Modules T10 and TW1, the Maintenance Chargeman is the designated person at this
depot.
                                                                                                           Dated: 10/04/07

GW890 - COURT SART JN/UP FLYING LOOP JN TO MORLAIS JN
Llangyfelach Tunnel

Alarm wire in tunnel. An alarm bell wire, connected to Port Talbot signalbox, is fixed to the wall on the Up side of the
tunnel.
The wire is provided for the purpose of immediately attracting the attention of the Signaller if staff observe anything which
may affect the safety of either line, or if a train is stopped by failure, accident or other exceptional cause.
When it is necessary to attract the Signaller's attention, the wire must be broken and this will cause a bell to ring and
actuate visual indicators in the signalbox. In addition, signals PT364 and PT389 will be placed or maintained at Danger.
The person who severs the wire must not leave the loose ends hanging down, but must coil each end into a large loop in
such a manner that the metal inside the insulation will not touch the ground or the wet wall, otherwise the bell will cease
ringing. He/she must also, as soon as practicable, advise the Signaller the approximate position at which this action was
taken.
This equipment does not relieve traincrew of carrying out normal protection arrangements.
                                                                                                           Dated: 03/08/19




April 2009                                                   670
