                                       Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



             (iii)        Raise each barrier successively as described in paragraphs (iv) to (vii) below.
                          NOTE: Barriers 1 and 3 must not be raised until or unless 2 and 4 are fully raised.
             (iv)         Operate the two hydraulic valves located within the barrier control box (which has been exposed by
                          removal of its cover) to their fully OPEN position, indicated by a correspondingly marked arrow (anti-
                          clockwise).
             (v)          Lift the rod, which has a hooked end which is pivoted to the right of the control box, to the vertical
                          position.
             (vi)         Manhandle the barrier to the fully raised position and lower the rod so that its hooked end engages with
                          the horizontal bar at the counter-weight end of the barrier.
             (vii)        Leaving the valves in the OPEN position, replace and lock the hydraulic equipment (control box) cover
                          and replace the wire cage panel.
             (viii)       Repeat the procedure of operating and leaving OPEN the hydraulic valves and engaging the rod (which
                          will involve partially lowering the barrier to enable the procedure shown in paragraph (v) to be followed)
                          at any barrier which may be fully risen, replacing and locking the hydraulic equipment covers and
                          replacing the wire cage afterwards.
                          NOTE : Drivers must carry out the duties laid down above for Guards on Driver Only Operation (Non-
                          Passenger) trains.
Llandovery LC (TMO) The following modifications to the above instructions apply to Llandovery Level crossing only:-
In the event of a Down train being delayed at Llandovery Station waiting the arrival of an Up train, and the crossing
barriers have not raised after the passage of the Down train, the train must be drawn towards the "Start of Section" board
in order to clear the crossing. If the barriers still do not rise, the Guard must raise them in accordance with Clause 3 of the
above instructions.
The white light on the "Stop" board will only flash when the control unit at that board has been used. Should it be
necessary to lower the barriers from a control unit other than that at the "Stop" board at which the train is standing, the
Guard must authorise the train to proceed over the crossing when the white light is flashing.
The "BU" indicators may be ignored ONLY in the following circumstances:-
       (i)            when a Down train has crossed an Up train at Llandovery station and has departed before the Up train;
       (ii)           when the crew of a Down train, which has stopped at Llandovery Station, have observed that the crossing
                      barriers have fully raised behind the train before it departs.
                                                                                                                    Dated: 07/09/13

GW915 - GWAUN-CAE-GURWEN TO PANTYFFYNNON
Gwaun-cae-Gurwen Colliery Ground Frame
This ground frame controls a connection from the running line towards a short headshunt. The points must normally be set
towards the headshunt to derail vehicles running away from the colliery. The ground frame is released by a key attached
to the ‘one train working’ train staff.
Drivers of up arriving trains must hand the train staff to the Person in Charge (PiC) at the Up direction ‘STOP’ board at
Gwaun-cae-Gurwen Colliery level crossing.
The PiC must then reverse the ground frame and set the points for Gwaun-cae-Gurwen sidings before authorising drivers
to pass the STOP board and proceed across the level crossing. When the train has passed clear of the points complete
with tail lamp, the PiC must return the ground frame to the normal position and hand the train staff to the Driver.
Drivers of down trains must hand the train staff to the PiC before departure who must reverse the ground frame and set
the points for the single line. The PiC must then authorise the driver to draw forward and bring the train to a stand at the
‘STOP’ board protecting Gwaun-cae-Gurwen A474 level crossing.
The PiC must return the ground frame to the normal position, remove the train staff and proceed to Gwaun-cae-Gurwen
A474 level crossing to meet the Driver.
                                                                                                                    Dated: 29/06/09

GW915 - GWAUN-CAE-GURWEN TO PANTYFFYNNON
Gwaun-cae-Gurwen Colliery LC (OPEN)
This crossing must only be used between 09.30 and 15.00 Monday to Friday during daylight hours.
                                                                                                                    Dated: 16/01/10




April 2009                                                           689
