                                  Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW910 - CRAVEN ARMS JN TO LLANDEILO JN
Llandrindod and Llandovery Level Crossings (TMO)

Lineside equipment is provided to enable the Driver to initiate the lowering of the barriers from his cab as follows:-
                   Llandrindod        - Both directions
                   Llandovery         - Down direction only
A control wire is provided at driving cab height on the nearside of the line adjacent to the "Stop" board. The train must be
stopped at the control wire.
The driver must pull the control wire to initiate the lowering sequence of the barriers. Releasing the wire and pulling it a
second time will stop the lowering sequence of the barriers. Pulling the control wire a third time will continue the lowering
sequence. When the lowering sequence is complete the white light will flash.
When the barriers have been lowered but the train cannot proceed over the crossing e.g. due to engine failure, the Driver
must pull the control wire again and the Guard must press the "Raise" button in the control unit. To lower the barriers for
subsequent movements over the crossing the normal operation applies.
A cupboard is also provided at the approaches to the level crossings which contains a manual control unit with two push
buttons:- "Raise" and "Lower". This facility must be used at Llandovery LC in the Up direction and at both locations when
the control wire is not available.
On arrival of a train at the "Stop" board, the Guard must unlock the cupboard and press the "Lower" button. When the
button has been pressed, the "Up" indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering sequence has
commenced, and the road traffic signals will commence to operate. Red indicator lights will show that the road traffic
signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. The "Lower" button must not be released until the barrier
lowering sequence has been completed. The Guard must observe the crossing whilst the barriers are lowering to ensure
that nothing is trapped under or between the barriers.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the "Lower" button must be released. Further operation of the "Lower"
button will continue the lowering sequence. When all barriers are fully lowered, the "Down" indicator will illuminate.
Depression of the "Raise" button will cause the barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the red road
traffic signals will be extinguished.
If it is necessary to stop the barriers rising, the "Raise" button must be released.
When the barriers are correctly lowered, a white light on the "Stop" board will flash. The Guard MUST THEN RELOCK
THE CUPBOARD and rejoin the train. As the barriers are designed to rise automatically following the passage of the train,
the train may proceed on its journey.
Approximately ¼ mile in advance of the crossing is an elevated indicator which, when illuminated, displays the letters "BU"
to signify that the barriers have risen behind a train which has passed clear of the crossing.
Failure of equipment
The Signaller at Pantyffynnon must be advised of the failure of any equipment at these level crossings at the first available
opportunity.
1.       Failure of white light
         If the white light on the Stop board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing provided the driver is in
         possession of the necessary token and is satisfied that the barriers are fully lowered.
2.       Failure of barriers and red road traffic signals
         If the barriers fail to lower or a failure of the barriers and road traffic signals occurs, a second attempt must be
         made to lower the barriers from the control unit on the other side of the crossing. The train may proceed over the
         crossing provided the driver is in possession of the necessary token and is satisfied it is safe to do so.
3.       Failure of "BU" indication
         If the "BU" indication has not been illuminated by the time the train is about to pass it, the train must stop and the
         Guard must return to the crossing and raise the barriers by means of the ‘raise’ button provided. Should this be
         unsuccessful, an attempt must be made to use the corresponding button on the other control unit.
         If after these attempts, one or more barriers fail to rise completely, the following action must be taken:-
         (i)       Break the glass of the glass fronted box located in the control cupboard and remove the key to the
                   hydraulic equipment covers.
         (ii)      Remove (by lifting and pulling forward) the rear panel of the wire cage and unlock and remove the
                   hydraulic equipment cover at all failed barriers.




April 2009                                                    688
