                                   Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
CARDIFF CENTRAL/ CAERDYDD CANOLOG

Cardiff West Junction – Warning lights
Warning lights, normally illuminated are provided on the up side parapet of the Afon Taff Viaduct to warn staff of
approaching trains.
The lights are extinguished by the approach of a train.
Car Stop Markers.
All platforms are fitted with car stop markers. When entering a clear platform line, Drivers must bring their trains to a stand
at the appropriate car stop marker.
If any multiple unit train is to be cleaned/ serviced at the west end of platform 1 or 2, the driver must stop at the turn-round
cleaning marker board provided and only move towards the car stop marker at the Newport end of the platform when
permission is received to do so.
Turn-round Cleaning of Class 14X/15X type trains at Cardiff Central
1.       General
         1.1       The Turn-round cleaning of all trains formed by Class 14X/15X, is carried out at the west end of
                   Platforms 1 or 2.
         1.2       If, in the event of late running, insufficient time is available for a full turn-round clean, traincrews will be
                   advised accordingly.
2.       Instructions to Platform Staff
         2.1       The Person in Charge of Platforms 3 and 4 must, unless instructed to the contrary, dispatch trains which
                   require turn-round cleaning immediately all passengers have detrained and all doors have been closed.
3.       Instructions to Traincrews
         3.1       Drivers of trains which require turn-round cleaning must bring their train to a stand at the appropriate
                   Marker Board provided, on Platforms 1 or 2.
         3.2       Drivers must not proceed until advised that cleaning has been completed, all cleaning staff is clear of
                   the train, and all doors have been closed. Drivers must then ensure that they follow the requirements of
                   5.1 to 5.4.
4.       Instructions to Turn-round Cleaning Teams
         4.1       Upon arrival of a train for turn-round cleaning on Platforms 1 or 2, the senior member of the turn-round
                   cleaning team will attach a Johnstone Hanging Lamp to the leading end of the train, as a reminder to
                   Drivers not to move the train.
         4.2       When turn-round cleaning has been completed and all team members are clear of the train, all doors
                   must then be closed. The senior member of the team must then remove the Johnstone Hanging Lamp
                   and advise the Driver, accordingly.
5.       Instruction for Drivers
         5.1       The driver is responsible for confirming with the signaller that the train is ready to be moved and to
                   obtain the signallers permission to move forward from the TP Point to the East End stop car marker.
         5.2       The guard (if present) must ensure that all doors are closed and secured, prior to the train movement.
         5.3       The driver must inform the guard (if present) and PiC that the signaller has given them authority to draw
                   forward to the east end stop marker.
         5.4       The driver must inform the signaller when the movement is completed and the train is at a stand.
Working of Platform 0 Platform Loop
The maximum permitted passenger train length at Platform 0 is four Class 158 vehicles or equivalent.
Cardiff West Brickyard Siding.
Drivers of arriving trains must position their trains sufficiently towards the stop blocks at the Swansea end of the siding so
as to permit any further arriving trains to reverse behind position light signal CF2344.
Drivers of trains departing towards Cardiff Central must contact the signaller for permission to make any movement
towards signal CF2344 at danger. Drivers must contact the signaller when ready to leave, however if signal CF2344 has
been cleared, drivers may proceed towards the station.
                                                                                                                 Dated: 13/01/18



April 2009                                                      678
