                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2
           3.10    STOP and await instructions boards are provided approximately 65 yards from the roller shutter doors at
                   the Swansea end of roads 1 and 2. Drivers must bring their trains to a stand at these boards and await
                   further instructions from the Shunter in Charge.
4.         Movement to and from Pullman Rail Depot
           Before any movement is authorised between Canton Transport for Wales Depot and the Pullman Rail Depot, the
           Transport for Wales Maintenance Controller must liaise with the Pullman Rail Depot person in charge of
           movements and they must reach a clear understanding as to the movement required to be carried out.
           Movements over the Swansea end cart road crossing must be accompanied by the Shunter on the driver’s blind
           side.
PULLMAN RAIL DEPOT AREA
Arrivals
Locomotives will normally arrive at the Cardiff end and must come to a stand at the stop board which reads “check points
before proceeding”. Drivers should ensure the hand points are set for the correct siding and then proceed towards the
designated stabling point. If no stabling point has been allocated in advance, the driver should proceed along no.1 Inlet
line (line next to the Down Relief line) to the next stop board where the locomotive should be secured.
Arrivals from the West end through Leckwith Road Bridge Ground Frame must come to a stand at the depot stop board.
The following instructions will then apply.
Working within the depot.
All movements within the depot complex are under the control of Pullman Rail.
Movements at the West end of the yard are regulated by the use of a token. This token is held by the Transport for Wales
depot supervisor. Drivers must obtain the token before proceeding. If a shunter is provided, drivers must satisfy
themselves that the shunter holds the token.
Departures.
Locomotives will normally depart towards Cardiff. Drivers should contact the signaller before moving and obtain
permission to proceed towards position light signal CF7046.
If permission is granted drivers should proceed towards position light signal CF7046 and contact the signaller from the
telephone provided to advise the head code and destination of their movement.
                                                                                                         Dated: 03/08/2019

GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
CARDIFF CENTRAL / CAERDYDD CANOLOG

Signage for Class 80x trains
Signage is provided and is applicable to Class 80x IET’s only. New “Lower Pantograph” signage with an additional sign
stating Electric Trains No Access Except Line A is provided at the west end of the station at the following locations
Platform Loop (Platform 0 (zero))
between platforms 1 and 2 (Lines A and B)
between Lines C and D
at the end of platform 3 (Line E)
at the end of platform 4, on the right hand side of the line.
at line speed on the Down Main, Up Main, Down Relief, Up Relief, Down Tunnel (Up direction) and Up Tunnel.
                                                                                                         Dated: 28/03/2020

GW900 - PILNING TO FISHGUARD HARBOUR
CARDIFF CENTRAL / CAERDYDD CANOLOG

IET traction balise arrangements, Cardiff Station (West end) signal CF2721
Please note that the IET traction balise (also known as a ‘zero’ or ‘kill’ balise) provided on the approach to signal CF2721
signal on Platform 0 at Cardiff has no data associated to it due to technical limitations with the group of balises at the west
end of Cardiff station.
Therefore, an IET unit passing over this particular balise in the down direction will cause a ‘missed balise alarm’ to be
activated in the driving cab of the unit which the driver will need to acknowledge and report, (no requirement do so until a
more convenient point, i.e. arrival at destination) regardless of which traction mode the unit is in.
There is no requirement to caution subsequent trains following a report of a missed balise alarm at this signal, but the
incident must be reported to the Route Control for a fault number to be raised to ensure technical follow up.
                                                                                                         Dated: 14/03/2020



April 2009                                                   680
