                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



The handpoints leading from the Through Siding to the Shed Road at both ends of the station must be clipped and
padlocked for the Through Siding except when they are to be used for movements to the Shed Road or yard. Before a
movement into or out of the Shed Road or yard is made, the Guard or Shunter must confer with the Clarbeston Road
Signaller.
When shunting is complete, the Guard or Shunter must clip and padlock the points for the Through Siding, advise the
Clarbeston Road Signaller that they have done so, and confirm that the Through Siding is clear.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

GW970 - GULF OIL BRANCH JN TO WATERSTON, GULF OIL REFINERY
Gulf Oil Branch Jn To Gulf Oil Refinery (Waterston)
The single line between Gulf Oil Branch Junction and the gates leading to Waterston Sidings are worked under the ‘C2’
system and is controlled by the Clarbeston Road Signaller. The gates will be opened and closed for train movements as
required by the siding owners representative. The sidings beyond the gates are under the control of the Train Operating
Company’s Person-in-Charge.
Permission must be obtained from the Signaller by telephone before proceeding onto the single line between the gates
and Gulf Oil Branch Junction.
In the event of failure of the telephone, the traincrew must use a telephone at the Refinery for the purpose of
communicating with the Signaller.
The Farm Crossing (UWC) – 2m 15ch. If it is not possible for a train to draw clear of this crossing and it is likely to occupy
the line for an appreciable time, the train must be divided to allow free access over the crossing.
Vehicles may only be stabled on this section of line in cases of emergency. Trains must be drawn clear of the crossing or
parted to give free passage over the crossing before being left unattended.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

GW980 - HERBRANDSTON JN TO ROBESTON
Herbrandston Jn To Robeston Elf Sidings
The line between Herbrandston Jn and the gate to Robeston Refinery is controlled by the Clarbeston Road Signaller.
Although the Refinery gate is the limit of the C2 line, the boundary between Network Rail and Elf ownership is outside the
gate. A telephone to Clarbeston Road box is provided in the Off-Site Office.
The Shunter must obtain the permission of the firm’s representative before an arriving train or locomotive is allowed to
pass the Refinery gate (using the telephone near the gate) and must inform the Signaller when it, complete with tail lamp,
has passed completely inside the Refinery gate clear of the C2 line. Tail lamps must not be taken beyond the gate.
Before a departing train or locomotive is allowed to pass outside the Refinery gate, the Shunter must obtain the Signaller’s
permission to enter the C2 line. When this permission has been obtained, they must request the firm’s representative to
open the gate.
Movements inside the Refinery may only be made when authorised by the firm’s representative. More than one train may
be inside the Refinery at one time.
If the firm’s locomotive requires to make movements outside the gate, the firm’s representative will obtain the Signaller’s
permission before it passes outside the gate and will again advise them when it has passed back inside. The locomotive
will always be at the Herbrandston Jn end of the movement and will not leave Elf property.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                   694
