                                                         OFFICIAL


                              Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



The Hanson PiC must advise the Westbury Signaller when an engineering train is ready to leave the work site at the
protection approaching signal W.285 and proceed towards Whatley Quarry.
Possession of the line for engineering work on Network Rail owned infrastructure. The usual planning timescales,
publication arrangements and engineering train working will apply. Network Rail possessions will be taken over the whole
route between Frome North Junction and Whatley Quarry.
If a Hanson PiC subsequently requires to undertake engineering work within the Network Rail T3 possession, the PiC
must contact the Network Rail PICOP to agree details. In these circumstances the Hanson engineering works will be
incorporated as a work site within the Network Rail T3 possession.
If the Network Rail T3 possession is required to be given up before Hanson have finished their work, the Network Rail
PICOP must make arrangements with the Hanson PiC. This person must then contact the Westbury Signaller and comply
with the special instructions issued to both parties.
Movements over points 933 at Whatley Quarry. Points 933 will self-restore towards the shunting neck if there is an
interruption to either the power supply or a failure of the electronic signalling link.
If it is necessary to make any unsignalled movement over these points to or from the branch, either
    •    a person must be appointed at the points to ensure that the route is correctly set immediately before the
         movement takes place, or
    •    the points must be secured for the branch.
                                                                                                         Dated: 18/04/20

GW560 HEYWOOD ROAD JN TO FAIRWOOD JN VIA WESTBURY
WESTBURY

Westbury platform 1 is regarded as an UNSTAFFED platform for the dispatch of Great Western railway services formed of
Class 15x, class 16x and class 80x (IET) trains. This also applies to South Western Railway services formed of Class 158
and 159 trains.
                                                                                                      Dated: 01/08/2020




April 2009                                                 616A
