                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2


Departing trains
If a train is to proceed beyond signal T3512 (either departing or for shunting purposes) then the PiC must contact the
signaller and obtain permission for the train to approach the signal.
If the PiC requires to leave Colnbrook and there is another train working in the yard then the PiC will hand over
responsibility to the other shunter. The outgoing PiC will confirm with the signaller the new PiCs name and telephone
number.
If the PiC requires to leave Colnbrook and there is no other train in the yard then the PiC will stand down and confirm this
with the signaller. The signaller must record this on the sheet provided.
Oil terminal traffic
Mobile telephones are not permitted to be used in the oil terminal.
If the shunter accompanying an oil train is appointed PiC then once the train is stabled in the terminal, the shunter must
stand down as PiC. They must confirm this with the signaller who must record it on the sheet provided.
When the train is ready to depart from the oil terminal the shunter must contact the signaller to identify whether a PiC is on
duty. If no PiC is on duty then they will assume the role and provide their name and contact telephone number to the
signaller. If there is a PiC on duty the shunter must not allow any train movements until authorised by the PiC.
General Conditions
After working, trains or vehicles may only be stabled as follows:
Defective Wagons:           in the cripple siding spur at the north end of the aggregate discharge siding.
Any other requirement:      On the Arrival & Departure Siding clear of the points. Other train operators must be advised.
                                                                                                             Dated: 03/08/19

GW185 - MAIDENHEAD TO MARLOW
MAIDENHEAD

See Route GW103
                                                                                                          Dated: 26/08/2017

GW185 - MAIDENHEAD TO MARLOW
Furze Platt LC (ABCL) To Cookham LC (ABCL)
Plungers are provided on the posts of the Driver's flashing lights to start the crossing sequence if it has not started
automatically or if it has stopped as a result of the train being delayed.
Failure of crossing equipment. No train may pass over the crossing, during daylight or darkness, until an Attendant has
taken up duty if:
1.   the barriers have failed in the raised position and
the road traffic signals are not working
The provisions of Rule Book, Module TS9, regulation 4 are modified accordingly.
                                                                                                             Dated: 03/12/11




April 2009                                                   575
