                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



GW340 - WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
Shrub Hill Jn To Henwick SB (HK)

Section obstructed by accident or by disabled train. Should the opposite running line to that on which the train is travelling
also be obstructed, such line must be protected in both directions in accordance with the Rule Book, Module M1.
Trains returning from Worcester Foregate Street to Worcester Shrub Hill.
Trains capable of being driven from either end may proceed from Worcester Shrub Hill to Worcester Foregate Street
station and return therefrom to Worcester Shrub Hill.
These trains must terminate at Foregate Street station and return only from that location.
The person in Charge at Foregate Street station must advise the Henwick Signaller when the train is ready to leave.
Trains returning from Worcester Foregate Street towards Hereford.
During exceptional circumstances such as engineering work or service disruption, trains capable of being driven from
either end may proceed from the Hereford direction to Worcester Foregate Street station and return therefrom towards
Hereford.
The person in Charge at Worcester Foregate Street must advise the Henwick Signaller when the return train is ready to
leave.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/08/06
GW340 - WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
Henwick Turnback

Due to limited clearance in the siding, HST’s conveying passengers are prohibited from using the siding.
                                                                                                           Dated: 25/11/17

GW340 - WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
Malvern Wells Down Goods Loop

Down Goods Loop. If an HST is brought to a stand in the DGL for more than five minutes, the rear engine (Worcester
end) must be shut down.
Due to limited clearance at MW38 signal, loaded passenger trains conveying mark 1, 2 or 3 stock must not use the Down
Goods Loop.
                                                                                                           Dated: 18/06/16




April 2009                                                   589
