                                                            OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
PAR

Protection of Shunter when coupling/uncoupling adjacent to running line. The Shunter must personally arrange with the
Signaller for the adjacent line to be protected in accordance with Rule Book, Module TS1, Regulation 13 before work
starts.
Working of freight trains from St Blazey with an assisting locomotive in rear. Freight trains from St Blazey for destinations
West of Par and with an assisting locomotive in the rear will run to the Up or Down Main lines and the Driver of the
assisting locomotive must not apply power while the train is passing through the connections at the East end of the station.
Except in emergency, the train must not be stopped or reversed in the Branch Platform line, but if it is necessary for a train
to be dealt with in the Branch Platform line the Driver of each locomotive will be advised before the train leaves St Blazey.
Down direction terminating trains. The guard must advise the signaller when a passenger train has arrived complete in
the Down Main or Branch platform lines.
Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available
Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
and the signals at which the train will reverse behind
 Location           Shunt details
 Par                Platform 2 to Platform 1 and 3 – Forward by shunt signal PR21 (Up Main) to
                    Limit of Shunt (Down Main (Up direction)). Return from PR3 for Platform 1 and
                    PR7 for Platform 3. Additionally, for Platform 3, shunt signal PR15 also needs to
                    be cleared.

                                                                                                           Dated: 13/06/20

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
Burngullow Jn

See route GW672.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
PENZANCE

Platform 3 - 10 car IET’s are prohibited from platform 3.
Platforms 3 and 4 - 9 and 10 car IET’s are prohibited from platform 4.
                                                                                                           Dated: 09/03/19

GW108 - FORDGATE TO PENZANCE
TRURO

Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available
Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
and the signals at which the train will reverse behind
  Location            Shunt details
  Truro               Platform 2 to Platform 3 – Forward by shunt signals T28 and T32 (Down Main
                      (Up direction) to T7 (Up Main). Return from shunt signal T37 on the Up Main
                      (Down direction).
                                                                                                           Dated: 25/07/20




April 2009                                                    567
