                                                             OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
LLANABER and TALYBONT – 102m 22ch to 102m 58ch
Between Llanaber and Talybont . During high tides and / or strong winds a speed restriction of 50km/h may be imposed
between these mileages. Special yellow warning signs have been provided to indicate the start and end of this section.
The Signaller at Machynlleth SC will advise Drivers at block markers MH1202 (down) and MH1213 (up) when weather
conditions require this restriction to be applied. This arrangement will continue until either the restriction is withdrawn or it
is programmed into the system.
                                                                                                                Dated: 19/03/11
GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
Bennar Fawr LC (AOCL)
The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in Rule Book, Module TS9, regulation 4 apply at this crossing with the
following modifications:
The crossing is operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver’s plunger.
In the event of the crossing sequence not being initiated by the approach of the train or should the white light stop flashing
before the train reaches the crossing, the Driver must operate the plunger provided in a locked cabinet (Driver’s No. 1 key)
just in rear of the white light post to activate the crossing. When the white light is flashing the Driver may proceed as
normal.
If after operation of the plunger the white light still does not flash the Driver must treat the crossing as failed.
                                                                                                                Dated: 03/12/11


GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
Traeth Mawr LC (ABCL)
Should it be necessary for the Train Crew of an Up train composed of more than two vehicles to return to Porthmadog
Level Crossing because the 'BU' indication has not illuminated, the Driver must, on returning to their train, press the
plunger in the lineside cupboard to activate the road traffic signals and barriers at Traeth Mawr Level Crossing.
                                                                                                                Dated: 05/08/06


GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
Welsh Highland Railway (WHR) Flat crossing
The WHR narrow gauge railway crosses the Cambrian line on a flat crossing between Minffordd and Porthmadog at 119m
50ch. It is worked as a ground frame released from Machynlleth SC.
When the crossing is manned the fence line gates will be left open.
Welsh Highland Railway (WHR) Flat Crossing within a T3 possession. If the WHR crossing requires to be used while the
portion of line is within a T3 ERTMS possession, a specific work site must be set up within the main work site under the
control of one Engineering Supervisor (ES), to provide protection. No other work is permitted within this work site.
The WHR crossing operator must be told to work to the instructions given by the ES.
The work site protection must not be removed unless the release has been taken back by the signaller and the ground
frame has been restored to normal.
Welsh Highland Railway (WHR) Flat Crossing within a line blockage. If a line blockage is required to be taken between
MH1230 and MH1231 the COSS must establish if the work will affect the operation of the WHR crossing. If the COSS can
confirm the work will not affect the crossing, the signaller may be given permission to operate the WHR crossing normally.
If work is required in the immediate vicinity of the WHR crossing the COSS must tell the signaller to place a reminder
appliance on the crossing release button.
                                                                                                                Dated: 23/07/11




April 2009                                                     654
