                                                            OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



Working of through platform lines (other than platform 15)
Note: mid-platform signals may be referred to as platform sharing signals (PSS) in other publications – for the purposes of
these instructions, they are the same.
Checking the platform starting signal
If due to length, a portion of the train is outside the mid-platform signal - before starting the train dispatch procedure, the
guard and dispatch staff must make sure that that the platform starting signal is showing a proceed aspect and the
associated Off indicator is illuminated.
Permissive working – proceeding towards the rear of another train (far platform)
If, when the train arrives at the mid-platform signal, the train is longer than the near platform, the guard (or driver) must not
release the doors. The guard must use the public address system to tell passengers not to get out of the train until a
further announcement is made.
When the mid-platform signal clears, the train must be dispatched to the far platform.
The PIC of dispatch must tell the signaller when the driving cab has passed the mid-platform signal.
In an emergency when no alternative platform is available, a second train may platform share with a train in a far platform
so that the whole of the train is at the platform. The signaller and driver must reach a clear understanding about what is
happening before the train is moved from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
The driver must tell the guard what is happening before the train is moved from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
Train dispatch from a mid-platform signal – passing the next signal at danger
The driver must tell the guard and PIC of dispatch when a train is to be dispatched from a mid-platform signal and it is
necessary to pass the next (platform starting) signal at danger.
When the driver has the signaller’s permission to pass the platform starting signal at danger, the driver must tell the guard
and PIC of dispatch.
Train dispatch - mid-platform signal cleared for a train to leave the station
The PIC of dispatch must make sure that the mid-platform signal is displaying a green aspect before starting the train
dispatch procedure.
The above instruction does not apply to train dispatch of ECS leaving the station when a position-light signal associated
with the platform starting signal is cleared. In the circumstances, the mid-platform signal will only be capable of displaying
a single yellow aspect. If the train is subsequently stopped at the platform starting signal displaying a red aspect, it must
be dispatched again when the signal clears.
Passing a mid-platform signal at danger – station duties in far platform
When it is necessary for a train that is to be dealt with in a far platform to pass a mid-platform signal at danger, the
signaller, driver and PIC of dispatch must reach a clear understanding about what is happening before the train is moved
from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
The driver must tell the guard what is happening before the train is moved from Bristol West or Bristol East Junction.
When the train arrives at the mid-platform signal, the guard (or driver) must not release the doors. The guard must use
the public address system to tell passengers not to get out of the train until a further announcement is made.
When the driver has the signaller’s permission to pass the mid-platform signal at danger, the driver must tell the guard and
PIC of dispatch. The train must be dispatched to the far platform.
If the train has slam doors without central door locking, the instructions shown in rule book module SS1 / 3.12 must be
carried out by the guard and PIC of dispatch before the train is run to the far platform.
Setting-back movements where permissive working is authorised
If a setting-back movement when coupling or uncoupling within the permissible distance will otherwise pass a mid-platform
signal at danger, the driver must not make any movement unless the mid-platform signal concerned is cleared for the
movement or the movement is authorised by the signaller.
Locomotive-hauled trains – rear locomotive leaving the train
An assisting locomotive may be detached on a through platform line. A locomotive which has been detached must not be
moved until a signal is cleared for the movement or the movement is authorised by the signaller.
                                                                                                           Dated: 11/04/2020




April 2009                                                    557
