                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
WEST DRAYTON

Colnbrook Branch. See Route GW182 for details.
Lafarge Aggregates Depot. A Person in Charge (PiC) must be appointed to take charge of all rail movements at this
location. The PiC will be the Freight Operating Company member of ground staff and is known as the West Drayton
Lafarge PiC. The PiC must advise the signaller of their name and contact telephone number when taking duty. The
signaller must also be advised when there is a change of PiC or when the PiC goes off duty.
Trains for this depot must normally arrive in the up direction and be propelled into the sidings from West Drayton Loop.
Trains must normally depart in the up direction only. Special arrangements must be made for a train to arrive in the down
direction and a locomotive must be provided at both ends of the movement.
                                                                                                          Dated: 23/05/15

GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
Langley Up Sidings

Arrival
An arriving train must be routed to the Langley siding.

Departure
The shunter must tell the signaller when a train is ready to depart. The departing train must be stopped on the Langley
siding clear of points worked from the ground frame to wait for the appropriate signal to be cleared for a run-round
movement or for departure.

Controlling movements
The shunter must obtain a release for Langley Siding ground frame before the compound gates are opened and then
control movements to the appropriate siding by hand signals.

Propelling
The propelling of a train or vehicles towards position light signal T6262 at the London end of the Langley siding is
prohibited.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/04/15


GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
SLOUGH
Starting of trains. When starting DOO trains from the Windsor line bay platform 1 the baton is used only to instruct drivers
to close doors. The “RA” indicator must then be operated to give the “Ready to Start” signal.

Tamper Siding. Before work is undertaken on a machine stabled in this siding, the engineering person in charge (PiC)
must obtain the signallers permission. When work has been completed, and before further movements are made to or
from the siding, the PiC must advise the signaller.

Slough Yard. The sidings at this location are numbered as follows:-

    •    No. 1 Road – Adjacent to Slough Goods Loop (Leading to Slough Estates Oil Terminal)
    •    No. 2 Road - Stabling road.
    •    Nos. 1, 2 & 3 Engineers Sidings.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/04/15


GW103 - PADDINGTON TO UFFINGTON
TAPLOW
Trains Booked To Call. Owing to the very low platforms, no passenger train may stop at either the Down Main or Up Main
Line platforms, to pick up or set down passengers. Trains MUST run via the Relief lines.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/08/06




April 2009                                                 541B
