                                                              OFFICIAL


                                 Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
PORTHMADOG

Shunting movement. Shunting movements between the Down and Up Loop lines at the Harlech end of the station are
prohibited where these movements will interfere with the working of Traeth Mawr Level Crossing.
Trainman operated barriers The Signaller at Machynlleth SC much be advised of the failure of any equipment at the level
crossing and the following procedure must be adopted until the failure is rectified
Failure of white light. If the white light on the stop board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing provided
the driver is in possession of the necessary movement authority and is satisfied that the barriers are fully lowered.
Failure of barriers/red road traffic signals. If the barriers fail to lower or a failure of the barriers and red road traffic signals
occurs, a second attempt must be made to lower the barriers from the control unit on the other side of the crossing. The
train may proceed over the crossing provided the driver is in possession of the necessary movement authority and is
satisfied it is safe to do so.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 24/02/20

GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
Abererch LC (ABCL)
Should a down train remain at the station for more than 3 minutes, the drivers’ white light will be extinguished, the road
traffic signals will go out, and the half barriers will rise. It will be necessary for the train to proceed in accordance with Rule
Book, Module TW8, Section 4.3 of the instructions applicable to ABCL Level Crossings.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 03/12/11

GW734 - DOVEY JN TO PWLLHELI
PWLLHELI
The Person in Charge at Pwllheli, or the Conductor of the train concerned, is responsible for the operation of Pwllheli West
Ground Frame. The traincrew in the case of a light locomotive(s) is responsible for the operation of Pwllheli Crossing
Ground Frame.
                                                                                                               Dated: 21/09/2019

GW735 - SHREWSBURY, CREWE JN TO NANTWICH
Entire Line Of Route

Lockout Devices (LOD)
Two types of lockout devices are provided on this route as shown below. They are kept in locked cabinets opened by a
BR 222 key. The location of the devices is published on Table A pages in this appendix.
LOD(P) – a Patrolman’s Lockout Device that inhibits movements other than those in the normal direction on bi-
directionally signalled line(s)
LOD(K) – a lockout device that inhibits movements into a designated section of line in both directions.
A diagram showing the limits and scope of the protection system and a telephone is provided at each device. Staff
concerned must be specially trained in their use and the controlling signallers cooperation is required to implement and
withdraw the protection system.
The LOD(K) system allows a COSS / IWA / PC to set up a safe system of work and to take a line blockage with additional
protection.


                                                                                                                  Dated: 24/03/14




April 2009                                                       655
