                                                           OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW178 - SOUTHALL TO BRENTFORD GOODS
Brentford Terminals
For the purposes of this method of working, a single Person in Charge (PiC) must be appointed to take charge of all train
operations beyond the Brentford “End of Single Line Section” board. Separate PiCs must not be appointed for the West
Waste Terminal and the Days Aggregates Terminal. This person will be known as the Brentford PiC. The PiC must advise
the signaller of their name and contact telephone number when taking duty. The signaller must also be advised when
there is a change of PiC or when the PiC goes off duty.


West Waste Terminal.
“Stop” boards are provided 3 yards on the approach side of Nos. 5 and 6 gates. All movements must come to a stand at
these “Stop” boards until the depot representative opens the gates and authorises entry into the private sidings.


Days Aggregates Terminal.
The maximum speed for train movements within the terminal is 3mph. All movements must come to a stand before
entering the Hopper House and the PiC must obtain permission to proceed from the firm’s representative. On completion,
the firm’s representative will advise the PiC that the wagons are ready to take away
                                                                                                             Dated: 27/06/15


GW180 - HEATHROW AIRPORT JN TO HEATHROW TERMINALS 4 AND 5
Entire Line Of Route

Heathrow Rail Control Room (HRCR). The HRCR is staffed continuously by the Heathrow Express Service Controller and
controls the following safety systems as affects the sections of line in tunnel, including the station areas within the tunnels;
•        ventilation
•        lighting
•        fire monitoring/protection
•        evacuation
•        lineside access points
Heathrow Express Ltd. staff, Didcot Electrical Control Operators and signallers have separate instructions on the action to
take in emergency situations.
Protection of engineering work. The Protection Procedures shown in Rule Book, Module TS1, Regulation 13.2.4 involving
T-COD and detonators are prohibited on this line.
The Protection Procedure involving disconnection of signalling equipment (Regulation 13.2.4) may be taken by operation
of the appropriate signalling lockout device(s) by nominated COSSs (or PCs) who have received the necessary training.
The lockout device keys are held in the HRCR. Form NR3180 must be completed by the COSS (or PC) in contact with
the Signaller in the usual way, but Part A of the form must be suitably endorsed to the effect that “Lockout device
number(s)......... operated”.
Diesel traction in tunnel sections. The signaller must contact HRCR and get confirmation that the tunnel ventilation
system has been switched on before authorising any diesel-powered vehicle to enter the tunnel sections.
Access to lineside in tunnel sections. All personnel requiring to go on or near the line must contact HRCR beforehand; in
the case of a working group the Person-in-Charge must do this. Under no circumstances may persons be on or near the
line in any tunnel section unless the movement of trains in that section has been suspended. Access via the tunnel portals
on foot is prohibited except in emergency or when the line is under Possession.
                                                                                                            Dated: 20/10/2018




April 2009                                                    573
