                                                          OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2




GW710 - LLANWERN WORKS EAST CON TO LLANWERN WORKS WEST
CON VIA STEELWORKS SERVICE LINES
Llanwern Works East Connection To Llanwern Works West Connection
"Stop and Telephone" boards. Telephones are provided only at Stop board numbers 1, 2, 6, 14 and 16. Authority to pass
boards not equipped with a telephone will be by either a handsignal or by the Train Operating Company Person in Charge
(PiC) who may meet the train at the board concerned.
The PiC may authorise a movement past more than one "Stop" board at a time, and in those circumstances Drivers must
carefully follow the instructions given.
Operation of points in Service lines. The Down and Up Service lines are worked as running lines. All points therein must
be normally set for through running and must not be operated without the permission of the PiC. The PiC must be advised
when points are restored to normal after use.
Points No. 161 are normally secured and padlocked. The PiC retains the key and is responsible for securing and
unsecuring the points as required.
Shunting within works complex. The receipt, dispatch and shunting operations of trains arriving from and departing
towards the national rail network are the responsibility of Corus staff.
In accordance with Rule Book, Module G1, Section 1.4, authority to travel on Train Operating Company locomotives is
extended to Corus staff travelling in connection with shunting operations.
Admitting of trains to Down Service line at the East end. The clearance of Down Relief line signal NT1245, accompanied
by Junction Indicator position 1, is an indication that the line is clear to the first “Stop” board (NT6019). Trains must be
brought to a stand there and the PiC contacted immediately. Drivers must proceed as instructed by the PiC.
Movements past No.8 "Stop" board are authorised by handsignals. If handsignals are not received the PiC must be
contacted.
Admitting of trains to Up service line at the West end. The clearance of Up Relief line signal NT1252, accompanied by
Junction Indicator position 4, is an indication that the line is clear and the route set as far as the first “Stop” board
(NT6022).
A down direction limit of shunt signal (NT6023) is provided at the West end of the Up Service line. The signaller at the
South Wales Control Centre at Cardiff must be contacted when any movement is required to proceed from position light
signal NT6021 towards the limit of shunt signal.
                                                                                                          Dated: 01/08/10
GW720 - USKMOUTH TO EAST USK JN
East Usk Jn
Uskmouth branch train staff. The train staff for the Uskmouth Branch is kept in a release instrument adjacent to signals
NT1350 / NT1347 at East Usk Junction.
Propelled movements for the Uskmouth branch. The Person in Charge of the movement (PiC) must contact the signaller
from signal NT1352, NT1358 or NT1360 as appropriate, and request permission for the propelled movement. When the
PiC observes the signal concerned displaying a proceed aspect, the driver must be advised using radio communication
and the movement can then proceed to signal NT1350.
The PiC must contact the signaller from signal NT1350 for permission to obtain the train staff. The train staff must be
retained by the PiC in the brake van at the leading end of the movement. When the PiC observes signal NT1350
displaying a proceed aspect, the driver must be contacted by radio and the following assurances given :
signal NT1350 is displaying a proceed aspect,
the train staff has been obtained and is in the possession of the PiC,
it is safe for the propelling movement to commence.
The train staff must remain with the movement throughout until the train returns to East Usk Junction. The PiC must
contact the signaller on arrival at, and before departure from, Birdport.
                                                                                                          Dated: 01/06/13




April 2009                                                 646A
