                                                           OFFICIAL


                               Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2

    (i)        Break the glass of the glass fronted box located in the control cupboard and remove the key to the hydraulic
               equipment covers.
     (ii)      Remove (by lifting and pulling forward) the rear panel of the wire cage and unlock and remove the hydraulic
               equipment cover at all failed barriers.
     (iii)     Raise each barrier successively as described in paragraphs (iv) to (vii) below.
     (iv)      Operate the two hydraulic valves located within the barrier control box (which has been exposed by removal
               of its cover) to their fully OPEN position, indicated by a correspondingly marked arrow (anti-clockwise).
     (v)       Lift the rod, which has a hooked end and which is pivoted to the right of the control box, to the vertical
               position.
     (vi)      Manually lift the barrier to the fully raised position and lower the rod so that its hooked end engages with the
               horizontal bar at the counterweight end of the barrier.
     (vii)     Leaving the valves in the OPEN position, replace and lock the hydraulic equipment (control box) cover and
               replace the wire cage panel.
     (viii)    Repeat the procedure for operating and leaving OPEN the hydraulic valves and engaging the rod (which will
               involve partially lowering the barrier to enable the procedure shown in paragraph (v) to be followed) at any
               barrier which may be fully risen, replacing and locking the hydraulic equipment covers and replacing the wire
               cages afterwards.
Further movements over the crossing. If the barriers have been lowered initially from the Network Rail Control Unit
pedestals, and a second move across the crossing on the DVR line is required, whilst the barriers are still in the lowered
position, the lower button must be pressed and flashing DWL observed prior to proceeding. Following any raise command,
the barriers must be in full raised position for a minimum of 10 seconds before a new lower request.
If the barriers have been lowered initially from the DVR control unit pedestals, and a second move across the crossing on
the Network Rail line is required whilst the barriers are still in the lowered position, the “A” pedestal lower button must be
pressed followed by the crossing clear for signals PN7 and PN9. For signal PN10, this sequence can be done on either
the “A” or “C” control unit pedestal. Following any raise command, the barriers must be in full raised position for a
minimum of 10 seconds before a new lower request.
                                                                                                            Dated: 13/04/19

GW620 - NEWTON ABBOT WEST JN TO PAIGNTON
PAIGNTON

Due to the restricted length between Paignton North and South Crossings, only 5 and 9 car IET operations are allowed on
the branch.
                                                                                                            Dated: 09/03/19

GW628 - LAIRA JN / LIPSON JN TO CATTEWATER
Laira Diesel Depot To Laira Jn
BETWEEN LAIRA DIESEL DEPOT AND PLYMOUTH
Movement of HST power cars. The instructions in Clauses 11 and 19 of the Working Instructions for Class 253/254 Trains
apply between Laira Diesel Depot and Plymouth via Laira Junction, Mount Gould Junction and Lipson Junction along all
lines with the following additions:-
A Class 08 locomotive fitted with a special Buckeye coupler must be attached directly to the gangway end of the power
car. The air and main reservoir pipes must be coupled.
The movement must be driven from the leading cab at a maximum speed of 15 mph. The trailing cab's brake supply must
be isolated.
Before leaving Laira Diesel Depot, the full preparation duties, as outlined in BR33056/10 must be carried out. A brake
continuity test must be carried out before moving.
In the case of a dead power car, it must be manned by a Driver with Class 253/254 traction knowledge to operate the
parking brake, emergency brake plunger and warning horns if necessary. If the movement is propelled as authorised
below, a competent person must be provided on the power car to assist the Driver, but need not be a person in the
footplate line of promotion.
If main air pressure cannot be created on a dead power car, the parking brake must be manually released/applied and a
locomotive or suitable vehicle attached at each end.
A dead power car may be propelled at a maximum speed of 10 mph.
The Signaller must be informed of the nature of the movement to be made.
NOTE:- The battery isolating switch must be closed in order that the warning horns can be operated. The warning horns
will not operate in the event of flat batteries or a main circuit breakers trip on a "dead" power car.
Marshalling of freight brake vans. Where necessary to facilitate working, freight trains worked by a Class 08 locomotive
on this line may be formed with the brake van marshalled anywhere within the train.
                                                                                                            Dated: 17/04/10

April 2009                                                   629
