                                                         OFFICIAL


                                Western Route Sectional Appendix Module WR2



Drivers must telephone from the fuel point or tip siding stop board to obtain permission from the signaller to proceed
towards the position light signal concerned.
Milton (Lansdown International) Siding
Incoming Movements
The Shunter must advise the Lansdown Supervisor prior to departure from Didcot.
The movement must be brought to a stand at the "Stop" board situated 550 yards before the siding gates and the
permission of the Lansdown Supervisor to proceed to and enter the sidings must be obtained using the mobile telephone.
On arrival the vehicles must be detached and secured on No.1 road and the Shunter must tell the Lansdown Supervisor
that the vehicles are in position and ready for collection.
Before authorising a movement beyond the "Stop" board the Lansdown Supervisor will ensure that:-
(i)      the Lansdown shunting locomotive has been stabled clear of any movements to be made;
(ii)     the sidings gates are open;
(iii)    points are correctly set.
Before authorising a movement beyond the "Stop - Await Instruction" boards the Lansdown Supervisor will ensure that:-
(i)      there will be no movement of road vehicles across the sidings when shunting is taking place, by use of portable
         barriers;
(ii)     the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2 have been complied with.
Outgoing Movements
The Shunter must obtain the Signaller's permission to proceed towards signal SB942.
Shunting movements – station area. The following is a list of preferred shunting routes that will be used where more than
one route is available
Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between the Signaller and
the Driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
Where a shunt is not listed, the Driver and Signaller must reach a clear understanding as to the limits of the movement
and the signals at which the train will reverse behind
  Location     Shunt details
  Didcot       No preferred shunt due to capacity, walking routes. Trains to proceed to West
  East end     Junction to reverse, if available
  Didcot       From SB921/923 to SB933/935 and return via SB926/924 as per now. Diesel only to
  West end     SB2203, reverse behind SB6414

                                                                                                       Dated: 11/04/2020




April 2009                                                  549
