LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



Once the train arrives at CN2 Stop Board and provided it is still safe to do so you may give the driver the token for the Up
& Down Aylesbury Single Line and give them permission to pass CN2 Stop Board and obey the next signal.
Once the train has past CN2 Stop Board and is complete with tail lamp you must give Marylebone “entering section” and
let the CPIC know that the train has arrived complete with taillamp and the Up & Down Aylesbury Siding is clear. You must
make appropriate entries into the TRB and the trains location on the Signal Box Diagram must be updated.
Once the Marylebone Signaller contacts you to let you know the train has arrived in the Aylesbury Goods Loop and the
token has been replaced you must make an appropriate entry in the TRB and update the Signal Box Diagram. You must
inform the CPIC that the train has cleared the Up & Down Aylesbury Single Line and has arrived complete at Aylesbury
Goods Loop.




Possession of the Up Down Aylesbury Sidings
When a possession of the Up & Down Aylesbury Sidings is required this can be only be authorised by both the CPIC and
the Signaller together in accordance with GSR 13.4
Full Possession:
Both the Claydon Signaller and the CPIC must agree that the full length of the sidings is to be taken under possession and
protection must be placed at both ends of the siding.
It is still permissible to allow a token to be released for a train to travel up to CN1 Stop Board from Aylesbury, but the train
must not pass CN1 Stop Board until the possession is given up.
Partial Possession:
In order to allow construction traffic to cross using a RRAP the CPIC may request a partial possession of the sidings.
Once the Signaller and the CPIC have agreed to a partial possession the CPIC will confirm that protection has been
placed at the crossing before the partial possession is granted. Unless required to do so in an emergency no train should
enter the siding until the partial possession is handed back.
Special Train running to Quainton Preserved Railway
When a special train is required to run to Quainton Station on the Up & Down Aylesbury Siding the details will be
published in advance.
When there is an CPIC on duty and FCC is in operation the Claydon Signaller will agree with the CPIC the limit of the
movement of the train. The Signaller will then collect the token and instruct the Driver to pass CN1 Stop Board and confirm
the limits of the move. The train must be treated as in the instructions for a train from Aylesbury to Claydon and the token
replaced and Out of Section given to Marylebone and Entering to the CPIC.
Once the token has been replaced and out of section given the Claydon Signaller must request a token from Marylebone
Signaller for the Special Trains return journey in accordance with the instructions for trains from Claydon to Aylesbury.
If there is no CPIC on duty and FCC is not operating then the Claydon Signaller can, provided the line is clear and safe in
accordance with the Rule Book, authorised the driver to pass CN1 Stop Board once they have agreed the limits of the
movement. The train must then be treated as above.
                                                                                                          Dated: 27/01/2020




December 2009                                                 287
