                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


       MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
       BANBURY

       Working Of Banbury Depot Reception Line / Banbury Depot Departure Line
       Arrivals
       When there is a train movement destined for the Banbury Depot Reception Line or Banbury Depot Departure Line the
       WMSC Cherwell Valley Signaller must contact the Chiltern Railways Depot Operation Supervisor and advise the head
       code of the train.
       When in a position to accept the train the Chiltern Depot Supervisor must give slot BD100 for movements from Signal
       OL9128 to the Banbury Reception Line or slot BD101 for movements from Signals OL3109 or OL9111 for movements to
       the Banbury Departure Line.
       The slot release is applicable for one train movement only, once the train has arrived on the Banbury Depot Reception
       Line or Banbury Depot Departure Line the Chiltern Railways Depot Operation Supervisor must return the slot release to
       the normal position.
       It is not possible for the Chiltern Railways Depot Operation Supervisor to give slot BD100 and BD101 at the same time.
       Departures
       When on duty the Chiltern Railway Depot Supervisor will contact the WMSC Cherwell Valley Signaller when a train
       movement is ready to depart from signal OL7113 Banbury Depot Reception Line or OL7112 Banbury Depot Departure
       Line, providing the head code of the train.
       Shunting Movements Behind Signal OL9111 Up Cherwell Valley
       Drivers of trains requiring to shunt behind signal OL9111 on the Up Cherwell Valley Banbury Depot Junction must reach a
       clear understanding with the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation concerning the movement advising the
       signaller if the train is formed of more than three vehicles.
       If the train is formed of more than three vehicles, the signaller must ensure that signal OL3110 on the Up Cherwell Valley
       is displaying a proceed aspect before setting a route for the shunt movement to proceed behind signal OL9111.
                                                         Dated: 23/04/2017

       MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
       Reservoir Sidings

       General:
       The site consists of four sidings accessed from the north end of the Down Banbury Goods Loop and Reservoir Neck.
       Reservoir Sidings 1 is a private siding for Storage/Cripple Wagons.
       Reservoir Sidings 2 is a private siding for the unloading of Aggregate Trains operated on behalf of Tarmac.
       Reservoir Sidings 3 & 4 are provided for the stabling of On Track Machines.
       Maintenance of On Track Machines is authorised on Reservoir Siding 4
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation on Telephone 0121 576 2083 and report to the signaller when their turn of
       duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
       All points within the Reservoir Sidings complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within Reservoir Sidings
       complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement
       Aggregate Trains: - Reservoir Siding No 2 Arrivals
       Aggregate Trains destined for Reservoir Siding 2 will normally arrive from the north and will be routed onto the Down
       Banbury Goods Loop at Reservoir Junction. Trains that arrive from the North are required to conduct a locomotive run
       round upon arrival on the Down Banbury Goods Loop.
       Upon arrival the PIC will hand a Radio to the train Driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and
       Signaller at the WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation concerning the following movements:-
         1.Upon arrival on the Down Banbury Goods Loop the Locomotive shall run round the train.
         2.Due to the length of Reservoir Neck, if the train is longer than 320metres (350 yards), the PIC shall split the train
           into two portions on the Down Banbury Goods Loop and ensure the second portion is secured.
         3.The PIC shall contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the first portion of the train is
           ready to shunt from the Down Banbury Goods Loop to Reservoir Siding 2.




       December 2009                265
