LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Lawley Street Freightliner Terminal
Propelling of trains from the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop into the Freightliner Terminal.
Driver's Instructions. A radio handset is provided in a cabinet at the 60 wagon marker board located on the Up
Washwood Heath Goods Loop for the use of the Driver. Upon arrival on the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop, the Driver
must bring the train to a stand 100 yards in advance of the 60 wagon marker board and unlock the Freightliner cabinet and
collect the radio handset. On return to the locomotive the Driver must conduct a satisfactory radio transmission test with
the Freightliner Terminal Shunter over Channel 2. After completion of the satisfactory radio transmission test and upon
clearance of signal WP9907, the ‘Set Back’ lights will be illuminated and the Driver may commence the propelling
movement into the Freightliner Terminal. When the leading vehicle comes into view of the Freightliner Terminal Shunter
he will advise the Driver accordingly by means of the radio handset. The Driver will then continue to propel the train into
the Freightliner Terminal observing all signals and under constant radio communication with the Freightliner Terminal
Shunter.
Freightliner Terminal Shunter’s Instructions. When advice is received from the Driver that he/she is ready to undertake
the propelling movement, and a satisfactory radio transmission test has taken place, the Freightliner Terminal Shunter
must advise the Driver when the leading vehicle is visible at which point the propelling movement is then controlled by the
Freightliner Terminal Shunter who must then work in accordance with Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 4.2b). Upon
completion of all shunting operations, the Freightliner Terminal Shunter must arrange for a fully charged battery to be
placed into the Drivers radio handset, ready for the Driver to return the radio handset to the cabinet at the 60 wagon
marker board on departure of the Driver’s next service.
Trains requiring to depart in the Down direction conveying more than 10 freightliner vehicles must be drawn to the
Up Washwood Heath Arrival / Departure lines at Washwood Heath where the locomotive must run round the train under
the control of the DB Schenker Person in Charge at Washwood Heath. Trains requiring to depart in the Down direction
conveying 10 freightliner vehicles or less must be propelled from signal WP8902 on to the Up Washwood Heath
Goods Loop to stand clear and in rear of signal WP9907 for a reversal movement.
                                                                                                            Dated: 10/04/12
MD545 - KINGSBURY JUNCTION TO WHITACRE JUNCTION
Kingsbury Jn To Whitacre Jn
Between Kingsbury Junction and Water Orton
Trains diverted via Whitacre West Junction. Down and Up trains booked to travel direct, may be diverted via Whitacre
West Junction without previous warning. Drivers so routed need not observe the requirements of Rule Book, Module S7,
Section 1.2.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13

MD555 - NUNEATON NORTH JN TO WATER ORTON EAST JN
Daw Mill Colliery
General: Daw Mill Colliery is located off two Reception/Departure 1 & 2 Lines adjacent to the Up Arley near Whitacre East
Junction.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Water Orton Workstation Signaller at West Midlands SCC on telephone 0121 5762010. and report to the signaller when
their turn of duty is completed.
All points within the Daw Mill Colliery Sidings are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the Siding complex
must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Arrivals:
Trains destined for Daw Mill Colliery will arrive on the Reception/Departure 1 & 2 Lines. Trains that arrive from the
Nuneaton direction must be formed with a locomotive at both ends of the train and will arrive behind Ground Position
Signal NW1274 at Daw Mill West Jn on the Down Arley Line before proceeding onto the Reception/Departure 1 & 2 Lines.
Upon arrival at the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board NW8268 or NW8270 respectively the PIC will hand a Radio to the train driver
and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and the Water Orton Workstation Signaller concerning the
movements to access Daw Mill Colliery. The locomotive may be required to run round the train under the control of the
PIC in liaison with the Signaller.
The PIC will liaise with the driver before authorising the driver to proceed or propel the train into the Colliery Sidings. The
PIC shall complete the movement and shall contact the Water Orton Workstation Signaller to confirm the train is in clear of
‘Stop & Telephone’ board NW8277 and normalise the hand points. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the
Colliery Sidings and ensure the train is secure.




December 2009                                                280
