                                   OFFICIAL
       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




       5.  Modes of Operation
       ATP has seven modes of operation which have the following meaning :-
       Self Test     An automatic, computer-driven test of the trainborne ATP equipment.
       Data Entry    The setting up of trainborne ATP equipment to input the individual characteristics of the
                     train.
       Full Supervision
                     Provides supervision of train speed to within the braking curve for conditions which exist
                     ahead (restrictive signals, buffer stops, speed changes etc.), also protects against trains
                     rolling away.
                     Available providing Data Entry has been properly carried out, but where track data is not
       Partial Supervision
                     provided. Also applies when it is necessary to pass a signal at danger, enter an occupied
                     section, make a reversal or after a recoverable fault.
       Shunt         Used for slow speed movements, especially where train formation is likely to vary. Train
                     speed is supervised to 20 mph.
       Temporary Isolation
                     Used when passing consecutive signals at Danger, also when assisting a failed train.
       Non-Recoverable Fault
                     Will require the train borne equipment to be (‘Fxx’) completely isolated.
       Recoverable Fault
                     Temporary removal of Full Supervision pending (‘Exx’) detection of correct lineside data.

       6.  Faults and failures - categories
       Failures of the ATP system are categorised into three levels. These are:-
       Level 1       ‘Wrong Side’ failure where no speed target is displayed under restrictive circumstances, or
                     where the target speed displayed is higher than it should be.
       Level 2       ‘Right Side’ failures - non recoverable fault affecting trainborne equipment. These are
                     identified by an alpha-numeric code in the main cab display window.
       Level 3       ‘Right Side’ - recoverable failures of lineside equipment identified by an alpha-numeric code
                     in the main cab display window.
       (see Driver’s Manual for full explanation of fault codes).

       7.  Faults and failures - immediate actions
       In the event of any fault or failure being apparent affecting ATP equipment, suitable action must be taken as shown in the
       following table. All concerned must ensure that the correct FAULT CATEGORY, as defined in Clause 6, is quoted on each
       occasion.
       LEVEL 1                LEVEL 2          LEVEL 3
       WRONG SIDE FAILURE     RIGHT SIDE FAILURE NON-
                                               RIGHT SIDE
                              RECOVERABLE      FAILURERECOVERABLE
       Driver stops train at next practicable
                              Driver stops train at next
                                               Fault should not be reported where a
       signal.                practicable location.
                                               notice has been issued showing a
       Driver isolates ATP if fault is non
                              Driver isolates ATP.
                                               temporary disconnection of the ATP
       recoverable.           Driver informs Signaller.
                                               lineside equipment at that location.
       Driver informs Signaller.
                              Signaller informs Network Rail
                                               Driver should only advise the Signaller
       Signaller informs Network Rail Control and
                              Control.         if delay has been incurred.
       gets a fault logged with the NR
                              Network Rail Control informs the
       Infrastructure Controller.
                              appropriate TOC Control.
       Network Rail Control informs the
       appropriate TOC Controls and the NR
       Infrastructure Controller.
       Signaller advises Drivers of all subsequent
       ATP-fitted trains of the circumstances and
       instructs them to disregard the ATP
       indications in the area concerned. This
       cautioning must continue until ATP track
       equipment has been declared in order.
       Faults and failures affecting ATP equipment must be reported fully and promptly. Failure to do so may cause essential data
       concerning performance of the equipment to be lost. Reporting of LEVEL 1 faults to the Signaller ensures that subsequent
       Drivers are suitably advised that the ATP may be unreliable at a specific location. It will also ensure that the on-train
       equipment is investigated without delay.
       8.  Faults and failures - subsequent actions
       Drivers must complete an ATP Report Form at the end of the journey (or when relieved if sooner) as shown below, whether
       or not they had previously reported the fault verbally as instructed in Clause 7.




       December 2009                 29
