                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



       Drivers must inform signallers when train preparation duties are complete. No other movements must be permitted
       towards, within or from the Hereford sidings until train preparation duties are complete.
       Drivers must obtain permission before making any movement towards the exit ground disc signal at the Norton Junction
       end of the layout.
       The Tunnel Junction end of sidings 1 and 3 are provided with electrical shore supply connections. Drivers of down
       direction HST movements must bring their train to a stand at the shore supply stop boards provided.
       No other movements are permitted in the Hereford Sidings whilst GWR HST services are being stabled or prepared for
       service.
       No. 2 Hereford Siding will be protected by the signaller when drivers are undertaking train preparation duties on roads 1
       and / or 3.
       Under normal circumstances no other movements will be permitted or planned over no. 2 Hereford Siding between the
       hours of 04.00 and 06.30 daily.
       Signallers will not release control of the ground frame until such time as they are advised that all GWR train preparation
       duties are complete and all GWR staff are clear of the Hereford sidings
                                                         Dated: 23/04/2021

       MD940 – WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
       Shrub Hill Jn to Henwick SB (HK)

       Section obstructed by accident or by disabled train. Should the opposite running line to that on which the train is travelling
       also be obstructed, such line must be protected in both directions in accordance with the Rule Book, Module M1.
       Trains returning from Worcester Foregate Street to Worcester Shrub Hill.
       Trains capable of being driven from either end may proceed from Worcester Shrub Hill to Worcester Foregate Street
       station and return therefrom to Worcester Shrub Hill.
       These trains must terminate at Foregate Street station and return only from that location.
       The person in Charge at Foregate Street station must advise the Henwick Signaller when the train is ready to leave.
       Trains returning from Worcester Foregate Street towards Hereford.
       During exceptional circumstances such as engineering work or service disruption, trains capable of being driven from
       either end may proceed from the Hereford direction to Worcester Foregate Street station and return therefrom towards
       Hereford.
       The person in Charge at Worcester Foregate Street must advise the Henwick Signaller when the return train is ready to
       leave.
                                                         Dated: 27/03/2021

       MD940 – WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
       Ledbury to Shelwick Jn

       Method of working during a failure of block indicators only or when it is not possible to clear the section signal for a train
       which has been accepted. Section 1.1 (c) item 2 of Rule Book, Module P2 “Working Single and b-directional lines by
       Pilotman” does not apply.
                                                         Dated: 27/03/2021

       MD940 – WORCESTER SHRUB HILL TO SHELWICK JN
       Ledbury

       Up trains - Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 36.1. The Guard must advise the Signaller, by operating the nearest ‘Train
       arrived complete’ plunger for approximately one second, when a passenger train has arrived clear within the Up platform,
       complete with tail lamp.
                                                         Dated: 27/03/2021




       December 2009                294
