LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD720 - PRINCES RISBOROUGH TO AYLESBURY
Entire Line Of Route

Modified working arrangements between Princes Risborough and Aylesbury.
Prior to the introduction of Pilot Working, ticket working may be introduced by issue of “Modified Working” tickets, when
specially authorised by the Designated Operations Officer.
Drivers of Up direction trains worked under these arrangements will be instructed to open the emergency cabinet at the
side of signal ME.386 or ME.388 and complete a Modified Working Ticket at the dictation of the Signaller at Marylebone
IECC.
Drivers of Down direction trains worked under these arrangements will be instructed to open the emergency cabinet at the
side of signal ME.165 or ME.167 and complete a Modified Working Ticket at the dictation of the Signaller at Marylebone
IECC.
Drivers must follow the instructions of the Signaller and when instructed to do so, cancel the ticket and hand it to his/her
Supervisor at the earliest opportunity.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

MD725 - AYLESBURY TO CLAYDON L&NE JUNCTION
Working between Aylesbury Vale Junction and Claydon L&NE Jcn SB

Working at Claydon accepting trains from Aylesbury towards the Calvert Sidings.
When you are contacted by the Marylebone Signaller and asked if you can release a token for trains to enter the Up &
Down Aylesbury Single Line you must ensure that the line is clear up to CN1 in accordance with the Rule Book and agree
with the Calvert Person in Charge (CPIC) it is the next train due on the Up & Down Aylesbury Sidings. If these conditions
are met, you may release a token.
Once a token has been released to the driver and the Marylebone Signaller gives you “entering section” you must make
the appropriate entry in the train register and move the train on the Signal Box Diagram.
When the train arrives at CN1 Stop Board you must confirm with the CPIC that they are able to accept the train onto the
Up & Down Aylesbury Siding and the line is clear and safe up to FCC1 Stop Board. You must then collect the token from
the driver and authorise them to pass CN1 Stop Board and proceed as far as FCC1 Stop Board and await instructions
from the CPIC or their representative.
Once the train has passed CN1 you must inform the CPIC that the train has now entered the Up & Down Aylesbury
Siding. The token must be replaced in the token machine and Marylebone Signaller informed that the train has cleared the
token section and the “line is clear”. Appropriate entries into the TRB must be made and the trains location on the Signal
Box Diagram must be updated.
The CPIC will contact you and let you know when the train has arrived complete with tail lamp in the Calvert Sidings and
the Up & Down Aylesbury Siding is clear. Appropriate entries into the TRB must be made and the trains location on the
Signal Box Diagram must be updated.




Working at Claydon accepting trains from Calvert Sidings towards Aylesbury Loop.
When you are contacted by the CPIC and they request permission for a train to pass FCC2 Stop Board and enter the Up
& Down Aylesbury Siding you must ensure that no other train is scheduled to use either the Up & Down Aylesbury Siding
or the Up & Down Aylesbury Single Line and that the token for the single line has not already been released. Provided that
condition is met, and the line is clear and safe for the passage of the train up to CN2 Stop Board you must contact the
Marylebone Signaller and request a token for the Up & Down Aylesbury Single Line.
Once you have released the token you may give the CPIC permission for the train to enter the Up & Down Aylesbury
Siding up to CN2 Stop Board.
When the PIC gives you entering section for the train, appropriate entries into the TRB must be made and the trains
location on the Signal Box Diagram must be updated.




December 2009                                                286
