                                                            OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




Modified Working
Introduction

Prior to the introduction of Working by Pilotman, Modified Working may be authorised by the Network Rail Route Control
Manager, for a period of up to two hours, or until a Pilotman arrives.

In exceptional circumstances the period of up to two hours may be extended subject to the agreement of the Network Rail
Route Control Manager, the Responsible Person and the Train/Freight Operating companies involved.

In the event of signalling equipment failure on the single lines listed in the table and a Pilotman is not readily available,
modified working may be introduced providing: -

•   The Signaller is able to work the points giving access to/egress from the single line or they can be set and detected
    for the passage of trains.
•   Direct verbal communication is available between all Signallers involved and the Responsible Person.

Method of working

In the event of a failure of signalling equipment the Network Rail Route Control Manager will decide whether a Pilotman is
available or, if not, consider authorising Modified Working.

If Modified Working is authorised, a Responsible Person will be appointed who will ascertain that the single line concerned
is clear and that the last train passed clear complete with tail lamp. When this has been done, the Responsible Person will
give permission for the Signaller to issue/dictate a Modified Working ticket RT3177 to authorise the passage of the next
train. This procedure will be repeated by the Responsible Person for each train which passes over the single line under
Modified Working arrangements.

During Modified Working

Once the Signaller has been given authority by the Responsible Person and the arrangements have been confirmed with
any other Signaller involved, and the line is clear in accordance with the train signalling regulations the signaller may then
issue/dictate the RT3177 ticket to the Driver and advise them of any additional information.
When the Driver has read back all the information on the RT3177 ticket along with any additional information and the
Signaller is satisfied that a clear understanding has been reached, the Signaller may authorise the Driver to pass the
protecting signal at Danger and proceed cautiously.

Once a train has been admitted to the single line under Modified Working arrangements, the Signaller(s) concerned must
not authorise any subsequent train (except to assist a failed train) to pass the protecting signals for the single line until it
has been confirmed that the train has passed clear of the single line complete with tail lamp.

Once the train has passed clear of the single line, the Driver must, if previously instructed to do so, stop at the location
identified on the RT3177 and contact the Signaller controlling the exit from the single line. The Driver must confirm if the
train is complete with tail lamp.

In the event of a failed train, obstruction or any other exceptional circumstance, a clear understanding must be reached
between the Responsible Person, all Signallers and Drivers involved before any further movement is authorised.

Lines Where Modified Working is authorised

Route                   Line name               Between these locations            Remarks
MD720                   Up & Down Main          Princes Risborough. and
                                                Aylesbury
MD810                   Up & Down               Madeley Junction and             RT3177 tickets are supplied
                        Ironbridge              Ironbridge                       in cabinets located at
                                                                                 MJ329 & MJ340.


The Drivers of all trains working over the lines listed above must be in possession of a supply of modified working tickets
RT3177unless they are provided at the location.
                                                                                 LNW South Route GI - Dated: 24/11/12




December 2009                                                   34
