LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Bromford Bridge JLR

General: Bromford Bridge JLR Sidings consists of two sidings located off the Up Bromford No.1 Siding adjacent to the Up
Derby Slow. The length of the Up Bromford No.1 Siding is 658m/ 2159ft.
All points within the Bromford Bridge JLR complex and the Up Bromford Sidings are hand operated and the PIC of any
movement must ensure hand points are set in the correct position prior to the movement.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Washwood Heath Workstation Signaller at WMSC on Telephone 0121 576 2011 and report to the Signaller when their
turn of duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.


Arrivals:
Trains that arrive from the Water Orton direction will arrive at Signal WP9867 on the Up Derby Slow.
Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and
Signaller concerning the movements to access Up Bromford Sidings. The train will then draw forward towards Signal
WP9881. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller when the rear of the train is clear of Ground Position Signal WP1858. The
PIC shall check all hand points are set correctly, advise the Signaller that the train is ready to propel into Bromford Bridge
No.1 Siding and ensure that Ground Position Signal WP1858 is displaying a proceed aspect before authorising the propel
movement with the Driver into Up Bromford No.1 Siding. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller when the locomotive is
inside clear of Signal WP8869. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the JLR Sidings and ensure the train is
secure.
Trains that arrive from the Washwood Heath direction are signalled from Signal WP6862 on the Up Derby Slow to Ground
Position Signal WP1858 where the train will be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a Radio to the train driver
and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and Signaller concerning the movements to access Up Bromford
Sidings. The train shall draw forward from Signal WP1858 into Up Bromford No.1 Siding. Upon arrival the Locomotive
shall run round the train via Up Bromford No.2 Siding. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller when the run round is
complete. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the JLR Sidings and ensure the train is secure.

Departures:
Trains departing towards Washwood Heath: The PIC shall marshal the train within the Up Bromford Sidings and complete
a brake test. Once train preparation duties have been completed a movement that is ready to depart will proceed on the
authority of the PIC to Signal WP8869. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to obtain permission for the train to depart
Signal WP8869 onto the Up Derby Slow.
Trains departing towards Water Orton: The PIC shall marshal the train on the Up Bromford No1.Siding and complete a
brake test. Once the run round move is complete the PIC shall reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning the
propel movement onto the Up Derby Slow. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart and
obtain permission to clear Signal WP8869. Providing no conflicting movements have been authorised the Signaller shall
clear Signal WP8869. The PIC shall authorise the propel movement with the Driver from WP8869 onto the Up Derby Slow
until the locomotive has arrived behind Ground Position Signal WP1858. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller when the
train has come to a stand at Ground Position Signal WP1858. The PIC shall collect the Radio from the Driver prior to the
train departing.
                                                                                                         Dated: 20/02/2021




December 2009                                               279B
