LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD105 - HANSLOPE JUNCTION TO RUGBY (VIA NORTHAMPTON)
Northampton Kings Heath Traincare Depot

General. Northampton Kings Heath Traincare Depot is defined as the sidings located on the Down side of the EMU
Arrivals Line, accessed from the Down Goods Loop. The person in charge of the Depot is known as the Depot Operations
Controller, (hereafter denoted as the DOC). A ‘DOC acceptance switch’ system is provided and when operated by the
DOC either enables you to signal movements onto the Depot by way of signals RY.1217 or RY.1037 ‘Slot off’, or ‘Slot on’
prevents access to the Depot. The DOC can use the acceptance switch in an emergency to revert either signal RY.1217
or RY.1037 to danger.
Working into the Depot.
Trains arriving from the station (South) end will be:
    •    signalled from signal RY.1217 onto the EMU Arrivals Line towards signal RY.1037. At signal RY.1037 the Driver
         will stop and using the ‘DOC’ telephone provided (in a labelled yellow cabinet) adjacent to signal RY.1037,
         contact the DOC to obtain instructions regarding destination within Depot, once the DOC has spoken to the
         Driver the DOC will operate the acceptance switch which will give the signaller at Rugby SCC – Northampton
         Workstation the slot thus enabling the signaller to clear signal RY.1037. The Driver will then await clearance of
         signal RY.1037 before proceeding into the Depot.
Trains arriving from the North end will be:
    •    routed onto the Down Northampton line to reverse behind signal RY.1050 (Mill Lane Junction). On clearance of
         signal RY.1050, the movement will be routed onto the EMU Arrivals Line to reverse behind signal RY.1037, then
         as above.
If during times of disruption the above is not possible Drivers of trains arriving at Northampton station will, on arrival,
be advised by the signaller at Rugby SCC – Northampton Workstation as to the intended route and destination within the
Depot. When ready the signaller will clear signal RY.1217 into the Depot Departure roads at the South end of the Depot.
Departing the Depot.
Departures will be from the:
    •    Depot Departure lines and once the Driver is ready to depart, the DOC on authority of the signaller at Rugby
         SCC – Northampton Workstation will clear the Depot signalling and protection systems towards signal RY.1028.
         On arrival at signal RY.1028 the Driver will contact the Rugby SCC – Northampton Workstation. The signaller
         will then instruct the Driver to wait for a proceed signal.
                                                            OR
    •    If during times of disruption, by way of the EMU Arrivals Line and when a train is ready to depart, the DOC
         will contact the signaller at Rugby SCC – Northampton Workstation advising the head code and details of the
         train. On authorisation from the signaller, the DOC will authorise the train to approach signal RY.1226. On arrival
         at signal RY.1226 the Driver will contact the signaller at Rugby SCC – Northampton Workstation, and the
         signaller will instruct the Driver to wait for a proceed signal.
                                                                                                       Dated: 01/09/2012




December 2009                                               251
