                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD445 - STOURBRIDGE JUNCTION TO STOURBRIDGE TOWN
STOURBRIDGE JN To STOURBRIDGE TOWN

(OTHER THAN PRE-METRO OPERATIONS)
No traction unit with a brake defect is to be allowed to travel in the Down direction from Stourbridge Junction to
Stourbridge Town. Under no circumstances must single car diesel multiple units, other than Class 153 units operate
between Stourbridge Junction and Stourbridge Town stations.
Working of Class 153 Diesel Multiple Units. In the event of the failure of the track circuit actuator on a Class 153 Diesel
Multiple Unit working between Stourbridge Junction and Stourbridge Town, the unit may continue in service normally
between these points.
When the unit has completed its diagram between these points it must be worked E.C.S. to a maintenance depot in
accordance with the instructions contained in Rule Book, Module TW5, Section 21.
An Annetts Key Lock is provided to operate Ground Frame Lever No.1 controlling the entrance/exit from the Stourbridge
Town Branch. The key forms an integral part of the train staff that is provided for the Stourbridge Town Branch.
The Conductor is authorised to transfer the train staff between the Train Staff Release Cabinet and the Driver in
accordance with Rule Book, Module TS8, Regulation 2.
The ground frame will be operated by the Conductor. The Driver of a train waiting to enter/leave the Stourbridge Town
Branch must await advice from the Conductor that the ground frame is correctly set for the safe movement of the train.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13
MD450 - STOURBRIDGE NORTH JUNCTION TO ROUND OAK
Kingswinford Junction To Round Oak Sidings

General: Round Oak Steel Terminal is linked with Round Oak Sidings No.1-3 and is accessible from Kingswinford
Junction.
Person in Charge (PIC): Only one PIC shall be on duty and control movements within the Sidings at any one time. A PIC
may take duty if travelling onboard an inbound service. When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile
telephone number to the Stourbridge Workstation Signaller at West Midlands Signalling Centre (WMSC) on telephone
0121 345 5711 and report to the Signaller when their turn of duty is completed.
All points within the Round Oak Sidings complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the Round Oak
Sidings complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
A derailer is located on Round Oak Siding No.2. The PIC is responsible for checking this is in the down or up position in
relation to both arrival, departures and securing of stabled wagons.
Arrivals:
Steel Terminal Arrivals: The PIC must check all hand points at are set correctly routing the train from Down Round Oak
Siding No.1 onto Up Round Oak Siding No.2 towards “Stop B” board. The PIC shall contact the Stourbridge Workstation
Signaller to advise they are ready to accept the train at Kingswinford Junction and the Signaller shall clear signal DR5703
onto the Down Round Oak Siding No.1.
The train will arrive at “Stop B” board on Up Round Oak Siding No.2. Upon arrival the PIC will hand a Radio to the train
driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning the movements to access Round Oak Steel
Terminal. The PIC shall ensure the train is secured, uncouple the locomotive and authorise the Driver to pass “Stop B”
board into the Round Oak Headshunt. The PIC shall reset the hand points and authorise the Driver to proceed to “Stop &
Contact Signaller” board DR9720. Upon arrival the PIC shall reset the hand points correctly routing the locomotive onto Up
Round Oak Siding No.2 and authorise the Driver to proceed onto the rear of the train. The PIC shall couple the locomotive
to the train. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to confirm the train has arrived in clear of “Stop & Contact Signaller” board
DR9720 complete with tail lamp.
The PIC shall reset the hand points and contact the Signaller to obtain permission for a movement to pass “Stop &
Contact Signaller” board DR7718 on Up Round Oak Siding No.2. Once permission has been granted by the Signaller the
PIC shall authorise the Driver to proceed past “Stop & Contact Signaller” board DR7718. The PIC shall shunt the train into
the Terminal and split the train into portions within the Terminal Sidings ensuring the train is secure. The PIC shall contact
the Signaller to advise that the train has arrived within the Terminal and no further movements are required past “Stop &
Contact Signaller” board DR7718.




December 2009                                                275
