LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
RUGBY UP YARD

Working of movements to/from Rugby Up Yard
Person in Charge (PIC). The DB Schenker Shunter for any movement into or out of the Up Yard will become the PIC.
The PIC must report their arrival on site to the Rugby SCC Signaller, giving their name and a contact telephone number.
When work is complete, the PIC must report that they are going off duty to the Signaller. In the event that two trains are
operating in the Up Yard, there will only be one PIC who will be nominated by DB Schenker. However, in an emergency,
a Network Rail nominated person may be the PIC in the absence of a DB Schenker employee.
Before a movement enters the Up Yard. The Signaller will obtain the permission of the PIC before authorising a
movement into the Up Yard. If there is no PIC on duty, the Signaller may authorise a light engine movement into the Up
Yard.
Movements from the Up Yard. The departing train will be made up on the Up & Down Through Siding, when this is
complete the PIC will contact the Signaller and advise the reporting number, speed and destination of the train.
Movements into the Up Yard authorised by a Network Rail nominated PIC in an emergency. When a movement
enters the Up Yard under the authority of a Network Rail nominated PIC, that person is responsible for ensuring that a
train or vehicle is not left standing foul of any points or blocking access to the coal unloading sidings.
Opposing locking is omitted for signals RN.1219 & RN.1220 and RN.1219 & RN.1224. In both cases the two signals
can be cleared simultaneously to allow continued shunting without contacting the Signaller. If this facility is required, the
PIC must request it before making any movements. When the movements are complete, the PIC must inform the
Signaller so that the signals may be returned to Danger.
A ‘Shunting Override Control’ facility is provided to allow trains longer than approximately 200 metres (220 yards / 31
SLU) to shunt between the Up & Down Through Siding and the North Sidings using the Up Slow as a headshunt. If this
facility is required, the PIC must request it before making any movements. When the ‘Shunting Override Control’ is in
place the points leading from the Up & Down Through Siding to the Up Slow (RN410A/B & RN415A/B) will be set and
locked for movements between these lines and signals RN9183, RN4184, RN1219 and RN1220 will be cleared to allow
shunting to take place without further involvement of the Signaller. Trains will be permitted to draw up to signal NR5366
on the Up Slow at the south end of the station and return towards the sidings as necessary. The position light aspect at
RN9183 signal will not be displayed unless signal RN1219, situated at the toe of the points (RN417) in the Up & Down
Through Siding that give access to the North Sidings, is showing clear. All movements made whilst the Shunting Override
Control is in operation will be under the control of the PIC. When the movements are complete, the PIC must inform the
Signaller.
                                                                                                               Dated: 30/08/09


MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
NUNEATON

The Signaller at Rugby S.C.C. will, when possible, route a diverted Virgin Trains West Coast Up service, hauled by a
diesel locomotive from the Birmingham direction, into platform 5. In these circumstances the Driver must bring the train to
a stand at signal RN.5436 at the south end of the platform, where the diesel locomotive will be detached. This movement
is to ensure that the whole train is platformed.
The Signaller at Rugby S.C.C. will, when possible, route a diverted Arriva Cross Country Up direction service from the
Tamworth direction, for a reversal movement at Nuneaton for the Birmingham direction, formed of either 2 x Class 220 or
2 x Class 221 units, conveying 8/9 or 10 vehicles into platform 5.
If the Signaller at Rugby S.C.C. is in a position to clear the position light signal associated with signal RN.5436 at the
south end of platform 5, he will do so. The train doors may then be released for station duties.
If the Signaller at Rugby S.C.C. is unable to clear the position light signal associated with signal RN.5436 at the south end
of platform 5, then the Driver must bring the train to a stand at signal RN.5436. The Signaller at Rugby S.C.C. must then
be advised when station duties have been completed. Upon clearance of the position light signal associated with signal
RN.5436 the Driver may draw the train forward and bring the train to a stand at the far (south) end of platform 5 for a
reversal movement. These movements are to ensure that the rear of such a train is standing inside clear of signal
NL.9547 at the north end of platform 5.
                                                                                                             Dated: 08/09/08




December 2009                                                 248
