                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


       MD435 - SMALL HEATH SOUTH JN TO STOURBRIDGE NORTH JN
       BIRMINGHAM SNOW HILL

       Snow Hill Down Siding No.1 and Snow Hill Down Siding No.2
       Drivers working trains from these sidings, must, after completion of the required cab preparation duties, contact the
       Signaller at West Midlands S.C. – Snow Hill workstation and advise that their train is ready to leave the sidings.
                                                           Dated: 18/02/08

       MD435 - SMALL HEATH SOUTH JN TO STOURBRIDGE NORTH JN
       BIRMINGHAM SNOW HILL

       Terminating trains on Platform 1 that are booked to shunt to the sidings. Once station work has been completed the
       Person in Charge of the platform must contact the Signaller at WMSC Snow Hill Work Station and request permission for
       the train to draw forward to signal WM.198.
       Mid Platform Marker Boards. RS/521 Section 4.12. A white square board with a black horizontal broken line, known as
       a mid platform marker board is provided on platform 2 and is applicable to Down direction trains only. A similar board is
       positioned in the six foot.




       These boards are situated 25 metres in rear of the AWS magnet associated with signal WM.200. When a Driver receives
       a position light proceed aspect at signals WM.194 or WM.196 at Moor Street Station this must be taken as authority to
       proceed as per Rule Book, Module RS521, Section 2.7 and not proceed further than the mid platform marker board. If a
       train exceeds 4 vehicles in length the Driver must inform the Signaller immediately and await further instructions.
       The Driver of a train booked to terminate in platform 2 in the Down direction must be prepared to move the train to signal
       WM.200 if instructed to do so by a member of the station staff, who must first obtain the Signallers authority. When the
       train has come to a stand the member of the station staff must advise the Signaller accordingly.
       A mid platform marker board is provided on platform 3 and is applicable to Up direction trains only. A similar board is
       positioned in the six foot. These boards are situated 25 metres in rear of the AWS magnet associated with signal WM.197.
       When a Driver receives a position light proceed aspect at signals WM.211 or WM.459 this must be taken as authority to
       proceed as per Rule Book, Module RS521, Section 2.7 and not proceed further than the mid platform marker board. If a
       train exceeds 3 vehicles, or 89 metres in length, the Driver must inform the Signaller immediately and await further
       instructions.
       These boards are only applicable to trains entering platforms 2 and 3 under the authority of a position light proceed
       aspect.
                                                           Dated: 03/12/16

       MD435 - SMALL HEATH SOUTH JN TO STOURBRIDGE NORTH JN
       QUEEN’S HEAD SIDINGS
       QUEENS HEAD SIDINGS - Before permitting a train to leave the All Metal Recovery sidings, the shunter must obtain the
       permission of the Signaller at West Midlands SC, Stourbridge Workstation.
       When a train has occupied the Run Round Road at Queens Head sidings and it departs to either:

         • The Main line
         • The European Metal Recycling sidings

         • The All Metal Recovery sidings
       The shunter must contact the signaller at West Midlands SC, Stourbridge Workstation and give an assurance that the Run
       Round Road is clear.
                                                           Dated: 28/08/12




       December 2009                272
