                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




Siding Only Arrivals: The PIC shall contact the Stourbridge Workstation Signaller to advise they are ready to accept the
train at Kingswinford Junction and the Signaller shall clear signal DR5703 onto the Down Round Oak Siding No.1. The
PIC must check all hand points at are set correctly routing the train towards either “Stop A” Board on Down Round Oak
Siding No.1 or towards “Stop B” Board on Up Round Oak Siding No.2. The PIC must reach a clear understanding with the
Driver concerning the movements. The PIC shall contact Stourbridge Workstation Signaller to confirm the train has arrived
in clear of “Stop & Contact Signaller” board DR9720, complete with tail lamp.
Multiple Arrivals: In the event a second service is scheduled to arrive at Round Oak Sidings when a PIC is already on
duty, the Stourbridge Workstation Signaller shall contact the PIC to request permission to accept a second service onto
Down Round Oak Siding No.1 at Kingswinford Jn and come to a clear understanding with the PIC whether the service
shall be routed towards “Stop A” Board on Down Round Oak Siding No.1 or towards “Stop B” Board on Up Round Oak
Siding No.2. The PIC on duty shall check all hand points are set correctly. The Signaller shall confirm the routing of the
train with the Driver or onboard shunter of the second service before clearing DR5703 onto the Down Round Oak Siding
No.1. Upon arrival at either “Stop A” or “Stop B” Board, the driver or onboard shunter must reach a clear understanding
with the PIC concerning movements.
Departures:
Steel Terminal Departures: The PIC shall contact Stourbridge Workstation Signaller to obtain permission for a movement
to pass “Stop & Contact Signaller” board DR7718. The PIC must reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning
movements to marshal the train within the Terminal Sidings. The PIC shall authorise the Driver to proceed past “Stop &
Contact Signaller” board DR7718 with the first portion of the train. The PIC shall control the movement to marshal the train
together before completing a brake test. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise no further movements are required
past “Stop & Contact Signaller” board DR7718.
Prior to scheduled departure, the Driver shall contact Stourbridge Workstation Signaller to obtain permission for the train
to depart either “Stop And Contact Signaller” board DR7718 on the Up Round Oak Siding No.2 or “Stop And Contact
Signaller” board DR9720 on the Down Round Oak Siding No.1. The PIC shall set the correct route prior to the train
departing.
Siding Only Departures: Prior to scheduled departure, the Driver shall contact Stourbridge Workstation Signaller to
obtain permission for the train to depart either “Stop And Contact Signaller” board DR7718 on the Up Round Oak
Siding No.2 or “Stop And Contact Signaller” board DR9720 on the Down Round Oak Siding No.1. The PIC shall set the
correct route prior to the train departing.
Multiple Departures: Prior to scheduled departure, the Driver shall contact Stourbridge Workstation Signaller to obtain
permission for the train to depart either “Stop And Contact Signaller” board DR7718 on the Up Round Oak Siding No.2 or
“Stop And Contact Signaller” board DR9720 on the Down Round Oak Siding No.1.
In the event a second service has been accepted by the PIC on duty into Round Oak Sidings and is not schedule to depart
until after the first train has departed, the PIC on duty shall liaise with the shunter of the second service to hand over the
role of PIC. The PIC on duty shall advise the Signaller that their turn of duty is completed and the shunter of the second
service shall contact the Signaller to assume role of PIC.
                                                                                                        Dated: 21/11/2020




December 2009                                               275A
