                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



       MD105 - HANSLOPE JUNCTION TO RUGBY (VIA NORTHAMPTON)
       Northampton Castle Yard

       General: Northampton Castle Yard complex comprised of 6 sidings, accessed from a Reception Line to the North of
       Northampton station. The sidings are No.11, 12, 13, 14, Headshunt & Aggregate Siding. The Aggregate Siding is
       accessible via siding No.13. Siding No.14 is utilised for stabling of turn over shunts. The Headshunt is accessible via
       siding No.13 & 14. Sidings 1 (Cripple Road) is electrified but is signed OOU.
       Person in Charge (PIC):
       Only one PIC shall be on duty and control movements within the Sidings at any one time. A PIC may take duty if travelling
       onboard an inbound service. When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Northampton Panel Signaller at Rugby SCC on telephone 01788 513610 and report to the Signaller when their turn of duty
       is complete. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
       All points within the Northampton Castle Yard complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the sidings
       complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.


       Arrivals:
       The Signaller shall contact the PIC and ask them to accept the train. The PIC shall ensure that hand points are set
       correctly. If arriving from the South a locomotive run round shall take place on the Reception Line, parallel to the Up
       Sidings before the train is signalled onto Siding No.13.
       Upon arrival, the PIC shall split and shunt portions of the train from Siding No.13 onto the Aggregate Siding for discharge
       and utilise Siding No.14 for stabling of wagon portions during turn over shunts.
       Multiple Arrivals: In the event a second service is scheduled to arrive at Northampton Castle Yard whilst a PIC is already
       on duty, the Signaller shall contact the PIC to request permission to accept a second service.
       Departures:
       The PIC shall marshal the train within the sidings and complete a brake test. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to obtain
       permission for a movement to draw the train towards Signal RY1035. If departing Southbound a locomotive run round
       shall take place on the Reception Line, parallel to the Up Sidings before the train is signalled onto the Up & Down Slow
       through Northampton Station.
       On Track Machines
       On Track Machines (Tampers / Stone Blowers) are authorised to stable within the yard by prior arrangement with DB
       Cargo. These are generally stabled on Sidings No. 11 & 12.
                                                         Dated: 01/05/2021




                                    250B
