                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD166 - NORTH POLE JUNCTION TO WEMBLEY
Willesden Euro Terminal

General: Willesden Euro Terminal is located to the South of the West Coast Mainline adjacent to the Acton Lane
Reception Lines, 5 ½ miles North of London Euston. The Terminal comprises 7 Reception Sidings (Roads 1-6,8), 5
Discharge Sidings (Roads 9-12 and Custom Siding), and a Locomotive Stabling Siding 7 (maximum capacity for 2
locomotives).
All points within the Willesden Euro Terminal siding complex are hand operated. The Shunter of any movement within the
Sidings must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Willesden Panel Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC on Telephone 0330 852 6417 and report to the Signaller when their
turn of duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
Shunter: The shunter shall work under instruction of the PIC.


Arrivals:
Trains destined for Willesden Euro Terminal can arrive into either the North or South End connections. The Willesden
Panel Signaller shall contact the PIC when a train is approaching Willesden Euro Terminal. The PIC shall give permission
to the Shunter to operate the shunters release in either the North or South End shunters cabin.
Trains arriving from the North shall normally arrive onto the Reception Sidings 1-6 or 8. Trains arriving from the North via
the South End shall arrive in rear of Signal WM1189. Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a Radio to the train driver and must
reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning the movements to access the Willesden Euro Terminal. The Driver
shall propel the train under the control of the Shunter onto the assigned Reception Siding.
Trains arriving from the South: Unless there is a locomotive at either end of the movement, trains arriving from the South
will arrive into the Terminal Reception Sidings 2 to 8. The locomotive will run-round the train and the shunter will shunt the
train into the required Terminal Siding.


Departures:
The Shunter shall marshal the train within the Terminal and Reception Sidings before completing a brake test. When train
preparation duties have been completed a movement that is ready to depart from the Terminal will proceed on the
authority of the Shunter to Signal WM753 for Northbound departures or Signal WM1188 for Southbound departures.
Shunt moves:
Shunts at the South End, passing Signal WM1188, but remaining within the rear of Signal WM1189 signal are known as a
‘Short Shunt’ and this must be requested by the Shunter with the Willesden Panel Signaller. Provided the locomotive does
not pass the rear of Signal WM1189 the train can set back into the Sidings when ready to do so. The South End shunters
release can remain in ‘accept’ providing only ‘Short Shunts’ are being carried out, without the need to request further
acceptance from the Willesden Panel Signaller.
Shunts passing beyond the rear of Signal WM1189, and in rear of Signal WM742, are classed as ‘Long Shunts’ and this
must be requested by Shunter with the Willesden Panel Signaller. For each ‘Long Shunt’ the Shunter must communicate
with the Willesden Panel Signaller to gain acceptance.
                                                                                                        Dated: 30/01/2021




December 2009                                               256A
