                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


         4.Proving no conflicting movements have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings complex the Signaller at
           WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation shall clear the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 towards
           the Reservoir Neck.
         5.The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the first portion of the train is
           inside clear of Reservoir Siding 2. The PIC shall secure the train and detach the Locomotive.
         6.The PIC shall contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation and obtain the Signallers authority to
           shunt the Locomotive from Reservoir Siding 2 to the Down Banbury Goods Loop to attach to the second portion
           of the train.
         7.The PIC shall contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the second portion of the train is
           ready to shunt from the Down Banbury Goods Loop to Reservoir Siding 2.
         8.Proving no conflicting movements have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings complex the Signaller at
           WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation shall clear the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 towards
           the Reservoir Neck.
         9.The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the second portion of the train
           is inside clear of Reservoir Siding 2.
         10. The PIC shall control movement of the train during unloading. If turnover shunts are required, the PIC shall
           contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation to obtain the Signallers authority to draw forward into
           the Reservoir Neck. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation each time a
           shunt has been completed.
       Aggregate Trains: - Reservoir Siding No 2 Departures
         1.Upon departure the PIC shall contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation and obtain the
           Signallers authority to shunt the first portion of the train from Reservoir Siding 2 to the Down Banbury Goods
           Loop.
         2.The PIC shall ensure Signal OL1142 Ground Position Light Signal Reservoir Neck is displaying a proceed aspect
           before authorising the propelling movement from the Reservoir Neck to the Down Banbury Goods Loop.
         3.Due to the length of Reservoir Neck, if the train is longer than 320m, the PIC shall secure the first portion of train
           on the Down Banbury Goods Loop and detach the locomotive.
         4.The PIC shall contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the Locomotive is ready to shunt
           from the Down Banbury Goods Loop to Reservoir Siding 2.
         5.Proving no conflicting movements have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings complex the Signaller at
           WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation shall clear the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 towards
           the Reservoir Neck.
         6.The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the locomotive is inside clear
           of Reservoir Siding 2.
         7.The PIC shall attach the locomotive to the second portion of the train on Reservoir Siding 2.
         8.The PIC shall contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation and obtain the Signallers authority to
           shunt the second portion of train from Reservoir Siding 2 to the Down Banbury Goods Loop to attach to the first
           portion of the train previously secured on the Down Banbury Goods Loop.
         9.If necessary, upon arrival on the Down Banbury Goods Loop the Locomotive shall run round the train.
         10. When the two portions of the train have been coupled and a brake test has been completed the PIC shall collect
           the radio from the driver and must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation to advise the
           Signaller that the train is ready to depart.
       No other movements must be authorised within the Reservoir Sidings Complex when a movement of the Aggregate Train
       has been authorised.
       On Track Machines
       On Track Machines (Tampers / Stone Blowers) are authorised to stable on Reservoir Sidings 3 or 4.
       No movement must be made to or from Reservoir Siding 3 & 4 without the authority of the WMSC Cherwell Valley
       Signaller.
       Reservoir Sidings No 3 & 4:- Arrivals
         1.Before clearing the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 Down Banbury Goods Loop towards the
           Reservoir Neck for an On Track Machine to stable in Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell
           Valley Workstation must ensure no conflicting movement has been authorised within the Reservoir Siding
           Complex.
         2.The Person In Charge Of The On Track Machine must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley
           Workstation and confirm the On Track Machine is inside clear on Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 and no further
           movement will take place towards the Reservoir Neck.


       December 2009                265A
