                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



       MD320 - PROOF HOUSE JN TO BUSHBURY JN (VIA BESCOT)
       Curzon Street Jn

       An additional A.W.S. magnet is located immediately in advance of Signal PA.141. It will normally be supressed when
       the signal is cleared. If a Driver is authorised to pass the signal at Danger, the A.W.S. horn (warning indicator) will sound
       when the train passes the signal.
       If the A.W.S. horn (warning indicator) sounds on any other occasion as a train passes the signal, the train must be
       stopped immediately and the Driver must contact the Signaller.
                                                         Dated: 27/05/2018


       MD320 - PROOF HOUSE JN TO BUSHBURY JN (VIA BESCOT)
       Duddeston To Aston South Jn

       The Down and Up Vauxhall Goods lines between Duddeston station and Aston South Junction are non-operational and
       are out of use until further notice. Live OLE is still present above the out of use Vauxhall Goods lines.
                                                           Dated: 27/12/17

       MD345 – BESCOT JUNCTION TO RUGELEY NORTH JUNCTION (Excl)
       Walsall Midland Yard/Tasker Street Sidings

       General:
       Walsall Midland Yard/Tasker Street Sidings are located adjacent to the Up Walsall Fast line between Walsall Station and
       Walsall Pleck Junction. Access is via Brook Siding which has a facing connection from the Up Walsall Fast at Walsall
       South Junction. Brook
       Walsall Midland Yard: consists of 2 Through Sidings, numbered Siding No. 1 and Siding No. 2 which are both used to
       discharge cement wagons, and end on Siding No.3, used for emptying Aggregate box wagons.
       Walsall Tasker Street Sidings: are currently clipped Out of Use.
       All points within the Walsall Midland Yard/Tasker Street Sidings complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement
       must ensure hand points are set in the correct position prior to the movement.
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Walsall Workstation Signaller at West Midlands Signalling Centre (WMSC) on telephone 0121 576 2074 and report to the
       Signaller when their turn of duty is complete. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
       Arrivals:
       Trains destined for Walsall Midland Yard/Tasker Street Sidings complex will arrive at the ‘Stop and Obtain Permission to
       Proceed’ board on Brook Siding, where the PIC shall hand a Radio to the train driver. The PIC must reach a clear
       understanding with the Driver concerning movements to access Walsall Midland Yard/Tasker Street Sidings. Once a train
       has arrived at Walsall Midland Yard a locomotive run round will take place using Siding No.1 or Siding No.2. The PIC shall
       split the train as necessary and secure each train portion within the Sidings.
       If there is no PIC on site the driver must contact the Signaller to obtain permission to pass the ‘Stop and Obtain
       Permission to Proceed’ board into the terminal once they have established it is safe to do so.
       Departures:
       Trains departing from Walsall Midland Yard: The PIC shall marshal the train within Walsall Midland Yard Sidings and
       complete a brake test. Once train preparation duties have been completed the PIC shall contact the Signaller to obtain
       permission for a movement to pass the ‘Stop and Telephone Signaller’ board onto Brook Siding and proceed the train
       towards Ground Position Signal DR1359 ready for departure. The Signaller shall clear Ground Position Signal DR1359
       upon scheduled departure.
       Shunt moves.
       Shunt movements from the terminal onto Brook Siding require the permission of the Walsall Workstation Signaller as the
       train is required to pass the stop board.
                                                        DATED: 18/08/2021




       December 2009                263
