LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Lawley Street Freightliner Terminal

General: Lawley Street Freightliner Terminal (also known as Birmingham Freightliner Terminal) is located off the Up
Washwood Heath Goods Loop adjacent to the Up Derby Line.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Washwood Heath Workstation Signaller at WMSC on Telephone 0121 576 2011 and report to the Signaller when their
turn of duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
Shunter: The shunter will work under instruction of the PIC.
All points within the Terminal siding complex are hand operated. The Shunter of any movement within the Sidings must
ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Arrivals:
Trains arriving from the Water Orton direction are required to conduct a locomotive run round on the Up Washwood Heath
Goods Loop arriving at Signal WP9907. Upon arrival, the Shunter shall hand a radio to the driver and complete a radio
test. Once the locomotive run round has been completed, the shunter must reach a clear understanding with the driver
regarding the propel movements into the terminal.
Trains arriving via Bordesley are not required to conduct a locomotive run round upon arrival on the Up Washwood Heath
Goods Loop or Up Derby Slow.
Driver relief shall take place at Landor St Jn on the Up St Andrews Line at Signal LL4772. The relief driver will be
possession of a radio and shall conduct a test with the PIC prior to departing this Signal. Alternatively, if driver relief does
not take place at Landor St Jn, the driver of the arriving service shall collect a radio from the PIC near to the former Saltley
PSB before continuing to draw the train into the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop, or alternatively onto the Up Derby
Slow arriving the rear of the train behind Signal WP9907 or WP9905.
Prior to propelling the train into the Terminal sidings, the Shunter shall contact the Signaller to request the route is set from
either Signal WP9907 or WP9905 towards the Terminal. Both the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop and Up Derby Slow
are fitted with Set-Back ‘Off’ indicators. These indicators act as repeaters for Signals WP9907 and WP9905 respectively
and allow drivers to set-back towards the Terminal under the authority of these Signals. Once the “OFF” indicator is
illuminated the driver shall inform the Shunter that the train is ready to set back. The Shunter shall instruct the driver to
commence the propel movement towards the Terminal.
Signals WP8902 and WP9907 can be set up for apposed locking to allow a train to be split into portions within the
Terminal Sidings. Once the final shunt has been completed, the Shunter shall ensure the train is secured and shall contact
the Signaller to advise the train has arrived within Terminal, inside clear of Signal WP8902 and advise that no further
movements are required.
Departures:
Prior to marshalling a train ahead of departure, the Shunter shall contact the Signaller to request the route is set from
Signal WP8902 towards the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop. Signals WP8902 and WP9907 can be set up for apposed
locking to allow a train to be shunted and formed together limiting interaction with the Signaller.
A train up to 640m in length shall be at a stand behind Signal WP8902. Once the Shunter has formed the train, they shall
advise the Signaller that the train is inside clear of Signal WP8902 and no further movements are required. The Shunter
shall complete a brake test and shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart.
If a train is in excess of 640m in length the Shunter must inform the Signaller that the train is unable to set back behind
Signal WP8902 prior to departure. Prior to departure the Driver shall contact the Signaller to inform that the train is ready
to depart ahead of Signal WP8902. The driver shall advise the PIC they have been granted permission to depart and give
one short blast of the horn to warn the train is departing. The driver shall depart the train via the Up Washwood Heath
Goods Loop towards Signal WP8890, obeying all Signals as normal. As the train is starting ahead of Signal WP8902, the
route can not be reset to depart the train via the Up Derby Slow.
Opposing Locking is omitted for Signals WP8902 & WP9907 only and is not available between Signals WP8902 and
WP9905. The two signals can be cleared simultaneously to allow continuous shunting without contacting the
Signaller. The PIC must contact the Signaller at WMSC to request this before conducting any movements and contact the
Signaller once all moves are completed.
                                                                                                          Dated: 21/11/2020


.




December 2009                                                 280
