                                                          OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




Rule Book Module TS1 - General signalling regulations
Section 13, Clause 13.2 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line
TCOD
The use of track circuit operating devices (T-COD) is authorised between the locations listed in the following table, subject
to the location specific restrictions shown in the table and the general restrictions shown below:-
1.   T-COD must NOT be used where:
     •   permissive working applies, (as indicated by the ‘remarks’ PP, PP-A, PP-E and PF in Table A of this publication),
     •   axle counters are in use,
     •   check rails are present,
     •   guard rails are present,
     •   leafguards are present,
     •   Level Crossing controls would be effected,
     •   the Signaller considers that there is a risk of becoming route locked.
2.   In some cases the table shows the location at which use of T-COD is authorised as commencing at a signal that
     cannot be replaced to danger. It must be understood that the signal limits shown in the table refer solely to the
     application of the T-COD and not to signals from which protection under Rule Book protection procedures can be
     obtained. A suitable signal in rear must be used for protection purposes.
3.   Signallers should note that certain track circuits are equipped with time releases. When agreeing the time at which
     the T-COD must be removed from the line, sufficient time must be allowed for any release to operate.
4.   Where a Train Operated Warning System (TOWS) is fitted it must be disabled before T-COD can be used. (Note that
     the location of TOWS sites are shown in Table A of this publication using the abbreviation ‘FWS’ – fixed warning
     system.)



     Routes and locations on which TCOD can be used                               Remarks
                                                                     (Locations/Sections where TCOD
                                                                   cannot be used in Addition to those in
                                                                             the RULE BOOK)

           MD105 Hanslope Junction To Rugby
                     (Via Northampton)

 Down Northampton Fast ahead of RY.1039 Northampton
 North Junction (excl) to in rear of RY.1047 Mill Lane Jn

 Up Northampton Fast ahead of RY.1052 Mill Lane Jn to in
 rear of RY.1036 Northampton North Jn. (excl)

          MD301 Rugby To Penkridge (Exclusive)
                      (Via Birmingham)

 Down Stour ahead of NS.293 Arena Tunnel to in rear of
 BW4197 Soho South Junction (excl)




December 2009                                                 11
