LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



General instructions applicable to the DC electrified lines
between Euston and Watford Junction
RULE BOOK, MODULE G1, SECTION 2 AND RULE BOOK, MODULE TW1, SECTION 14.2
London Underground Limited trains normally display two built-in electric tail lamps whilst such trains are on running lines. If
the Signaller, or person in charge of a station becomes aware that one of the built-in tail lamps has failed, he must arrange
for the Driver to be advised of the circumstances at the next station at which the train is booked to call.
RULE BOOK, MODULE SP, SECTION 3.2 and 3.3
Portable AWS magnets will not be provided on the approach side of warning boards erected for temporary speed restrictions
between Kilburn High Road and Watford Junction.
TRACK CIRCUIT OPERATING CLIPS
Track Circuit Operating clips must not be used on any portion of a line where the 4th rail conductor is provided between
Euston and Watford Junction.
ISOLATIONS
Referring to the DC Electrified Lines Instructions (NR/WI/ELP/3091), dated December 2006, Clauses A26 to A39 and clause
B26.3 are not applicable on the above sections of line.
FLOODS
Referring to Rule Book, Module M3, Section 4:-
(i)      if water is more than half-way up either running rail, DC electric trains must not exceed a speed of 5 mph through
         the flooded section.
(ii)     if water is above the top of either running rail, the passage of DC electric trains must be suspended except in the
         most urgent circumstances and then only on the authority of a Network Rail Operations representative on site in
         consultation with Civil Engineering and Electrification Engineering staff.
TRAIN STOPS
Running signals between Kilburn High Road and Harrow & Wealdstone inclusive are fitted with train stops which will engage
with the tripcocks on London Underground Limited (LUL) trains and London Overground operated Class 378 units.
If a train stop fails in the lowered position, the person becoming aware of the irregularity must inform the Signaller at
Wembley Mainline SCC immediately. A HandsignaIler must be appointed and positioned at the signaI concerned and until
the signal displays a proceed aspect and exhibit a hand Danger signal to approaching Drivers and place one detonator on
the rail to which the signal applies. Until the Handsignaller is in position at the signal, a train must not be allowed to approach
the signal unless it exhibits a proceed aspect or the Driver has been advised of the circumstances.
TRIPCOCKS
To prevent a train running in service with a tripcock arm inoperative, train tripcock testing apparatus consisting of a treadle
and test indicator is provided at:
            Location                  Treadle location on approach to signal            Test indicator location at
Queen’s Park station                 WS.11                                           Near signal WS.11
Harrow & Wealdstone station          WS.54                                           Platform 2

The test indicator will be illuminated in the cab when a train approaches the apparatus. This indication will be displayed until
the tripcock on the train has operated the treadle fixed a short distance on the approach side of the indicator. If the indicator
fails to illuminate when the train approaches, the Driver must advise the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC before
proceeding any further.
Where the tripcock testing equipment has failed, testing of the ‘on-train’ equipment must be undertaken by means of a
‘positive test of the tripcock’. This applies at the failed tripcock testing equipment only.
These instructions will apply at the start of service each 24 hour period and subsequently each 24 hour period thereafter. No
tests are required if the tripcock testing equipment fails at other than the start of service. The Signaller at Wembley Mainline
SCC must contact Route Control to ascertain the first service of each train diagram for that day and positive testing of the
tripcock must take place for each of these first services.
Route Control will also inform the Train Operating Company concerned that no changes of units on the DC Electric Lines will
be permitted without the authority of Route Control. On advice of a unit change Route Control must ascertain the first train
this will form and advise the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC to carry out a positive test of the tripcock.




December 2009                                                 23B
