                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD705 - GREENFORD WEST JN TO SOUTH RUISLIP
Entire Line Of Route

Modified working arrangements between South Ruislip (Northolt Junction) and Greenford West junction
Modified working is authorised for one train only in the up direction over the down and up Greenford line (ANL). The
responsible person who gives permission for modified working is the LNW Network Rail Route Control Manager
The driver of an Up direction train worked under these arrangements will be instructed to complete a Modified Working
Ticket at the dictation of the Signaller at Marylebone IECC whilst detained at ME72 signal.
Drivers must follow the instructions of the Signaller and where instructed to do so, cancel the ticket and hand it to his/her
Supervisor at the earliest opportunity
                                                                                                            Dated: 12/04/13

MD710 - NEASDEN SOUTH JUNCTION TO HARROW ON THE HILL
Working of Engineering Trains to and from London Underground Limited Infrastructure

When a possession of the line is taken between Harrow on the Hill (exclusive) and Amersham (inclusive), the
application of two Rule Books will apply between Network Rail staff and London Underground staff. To prevent confusion,
where reference is made in GE/RT8000 Rule Book Modules T3 and Handbook 12 to the ‘Engineering Supervisor’ then this
person will be known as the ‘Possession Master’. The PICOP must carry out all the requirements in relation to the
‘Engineering Supervisor’ with the ‘Possession Master’.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/06/11

MD712 - AMERSHAM TO AYLESBURY
AYLESBURY

Aylesbury South Sidings - starting of trains
The Driver must contact the Signaller at Marylebone IECC via the Cab Secure Radio, or by use of the signal post
telephone if for any reason the Cab Secure Radio is not available, and request authority to proceed towards an exit signal.
The Driver must not proceed towards the exit ground position light signal without the authority of the Signaller at
Marylebone IECC. The Driver must also additionally advise the Signaller at Marylebone IECC on which siding the train is
standing and what service the train is to form, or the location that the train is required to proceed to.

                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

MD712 - AMERSHAM TO AYLESBURY
Working of Engineering Trains to and from London Underground Limited Infrastructure

When a possession of the line is taken between Harrow on the Hill (exclusive) and Amersham (inclusive), the
application of two Rule Books will apply between Network Rail staff and London Underground staff. To prevent confusion,
where reference is made in GE/RT8000 Rule Book Modules T3 and Handbook 12 to the ‘Engineering Supervisor’ then this
person will be known as the ‘Possession Master’. The PICOP must carry out all the requirements in relation to the
‘Engineering Supervisor’ with the ‘Possession Master’.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/06/11

MD720 - PRINCES RISBOROUGH TO AYLESBURY
Marsh Lane LC (ABCL)

The instructions for A.B.C.L. Level Crossings in Rule Book, Module TW8, Section 4 apply at this crossing with the
following modifications. The crossing is operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver’s plunger. In the
event of the crossing sequence not being initiated by the approach of the train or should the white light stop flashing
before the train reaches the crossing, the Driver must operate the plunger provided in a locked cabinet (Driver’s No.1 Key)
on the white light post to activate the crossing. When the light is flashing the Driver may proceed as normal. If after the
operation of the plunger the white light still does not flash the Driver must treat the crossing as failed. A telephone to the
Signaller at Marylebone IECC Is provided.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06




December 2009                                                285
