LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
BANBURY

Working Of Banbury Depot Reception Line / Banbury Depot Departure Line
Arrivals
When there is a train movement destined for the Banbury Depot Reception Line or Banbury Depot Departure Line the
WMSC Cherwell Valley Signaller must contact the Chiltern Railways Depot Operation Supervisor and advise the head
code of the train.
When in a position to accept the train the Chiltern Depot Supervisor must give slot BD100 for movements from Signal
OL9128 to the Banbury Reception Line or slot BD101 for movements from Signals OL3109 or OL9111 for movements to
the Banbury Departure Line.
The slot release is applicable for one train movement only, once the train has arrived on the Banbury Depot Reception
Line or Banbury Depot Departure Line the Chiltern Railways Depot Operation Supervisor must return the slot release to
the normal position.
It is not possible for the Chiltern Railways Depot Operation Supervisor to give slot BD100 and BD101 at the same time.
Departures
When on duty the Chiltern Railway Depot Supervisor will contact the WMSC Cherwell Valley Signaller when a train
movement is ready to depart from signal OL7113 Banbury Depot Reception Line or OL7112 Banbury Depot Departure
Line, providing the head code of the train.
Shunting Movements Behind Signal OL9111 Up Cherwell Valley
Drivers of trains requiring to shunt behind signal OL9111 on the Up Cherwell Valley Banbury Depot Junction must reach a
clear understanding with the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation concerning the movement advising the
signaller if the train is formed of more than three vehicles.
If the train is formed of more than three vehicles, the signaller must ensure that signal OL3110 on the Up Cherwell Valley
is displaying a proceed aspect before setting a route for the shunt movement to proceed behind signal OL9111.
                                                                                                         Dated: 23/04/2017

MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
Reservoir Junction
                                     Banbury Reservoir Sidings Method Of Working
Banbury Reservoir Sidings
The site consist of four sidings accessed from the north end of the Down Banbury Goods Loop and Reservoir Neck
Reservoir Sidings 1 & 2 are provided for Aggregate Trains Operated on behalf of Tarmac.
Reservoir Sidings 3 & 4 are provided for the stabling of On Track Machines
Maintenance of On Track Machines is authorised on Reservoir Siding 4
All points within the Reservoir Sidings complex are hand operated and the Person In Charge of any movement within the
Reservoir Sidings complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement
Aggregate Trains: - Reservoir Sidings No 1 & 2 Arrivals
Aggregate Trains destined for Reservoir Sidings 1 or 2 normally arrive from the north and will be routed onto the Down
Banbury Goods Loop at Reservoir Junction.
The DB Cargo Member Of Ground staff must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and Signaller at the WMSC
Cherwell Valley Workstation concerning the following movements:-
1.   Upon arrival on the Down Banbury Goods Loop the Locomotive shall run round the train.
2.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff shall split the train into two portions on the Down Banbury Goods Loop and
     ensure the rear portion is secured
3.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the
     first portion of the train is ready to shunt from the Down Banbury Goods Loop to Reservoir Siding 2.
4.   Proving no conflicting movements have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings complex the Signaller at WMSC
     Cherwell Valley Workstation shall clear the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 towards the Reservoir
     Neck
5.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must confirm to the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when
     the first portion of the train is inside clear on Reservoir Siding 2 and that no further movement will be made until the
     first portion of the train has been unloaded

December 2009                                                265
