                                   OFFICIAL
       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



         a) the appropriate train operator’s fleet controller must obtain the permission of Network Rail operations control
         b) Network Rail operations control must ascertain that local weather conditions are suitable, and arrange (as far as
           practicable) with the controlling signaller for a “clear run” to be provided as indicated below:
       From       To           Remarks
       Signal     Signal       Applies only to trains formed with 6 trailer vehicles or
       BA3640 (Oddingley)
                  BA3598 (Blackwell)
                               more.
                               Trains must be routed through the Up Gloucester line
                               (Platform 2) at Bromsgrove station.
       Signal     Signal       Applies only to trains formed with 5 trailer vehicles or
       BA3630 (near
                  BA3598 (Blackwell)
                               less.
       Stoke Works             Trains must be routed through the Up Gloucester line
       Junction)               (Platform 2) at Bromsgrove station.

         c) The driver must contact the signaller, who after receiving instructions from Network Rail operations control, must
           instruct the driver accordingly at Droitwich Spa or Cheltenham Spa stations as appropriate.
       3.If the unassisted HST stops in section
         If an unassisted HST stops within the section through which a clear run had been agreed, the following arrangements
         apply if the train cannot be re-started using train borne or trackside sanding equipment:
         • The driver must not attempt to re-start the train against the gradient until assistance is provided*
         Or
         • If the train which is low-powered is capable of being driven from the cab which will become leading,
           arrangements may be made to return the train to a location in rear as instructed by the signaller. The line must be
           considered blocked and the wrong direction movement must be authorised and conducted in accordance with
           Rule Book Module TW7.
       NOTES:
       * Exceptionally, the train may continue from Oddingley to Bromsgrove, if this would facilitate assistance.
       Drivers are reminded that authority to proceed unassisted over gradients steeper than 1 in 80 will be given subject to a
       clear run being achieved on the approach to and over such gradients. Any attempt to restart the train on, or on the
       approach to, such gradients will potentially cause considerable damage to the power car.
                                           LNW South Route GI - Dated: 21/10/2017




       December 2009                 22A
