LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


MD410 - COVENTRY NORTH JN. TO NUNEATON SOUTH JN.
Coventry Yard

Stabling of London Midland units
Sidings 1 and 2 will be used for the stabling of London Midland Trains units.
Arriving trains. Drivers of units requiring to stable in the Yard must contact the Signaller at West Midlands S.C. –
Coventry workstation and advise him / her of the details of the train formation (unit number(s) and number of vehicles) and
agree with the Signaller which siding the train will be stabled in. Upon clearance of the appropriate signal controlling
movements into the Yard, the Driver may proceed and bring the train to a stand at the ‘Check Handpoints’ board adjacent
to signal CB.7054 and ensure that any handpoints within the required route to Siding 1 or 2 are set in the correct position.
Drivers must stable the unit(s) at the extreme (Nuneaton) end of Siding 1 or 2 and ensure that vehicles are not left
standing foul of any adjoining siding. The Driver of unit(s) arriving into an already occupied siding must stable the unit(s)
at least 2 metres (6’6”) away from any other stabled unit(s), ensuring that the rear of their train formation is not left
standing foul of any adjoining siding. If pantographs are to be lowered on Electric Multiple Units after stabling, then the
Driver must ensure that an emergency tail lamp is placed on the rear vehicle.
Departing trains. All trains will normally depart from the station end of the Yard. Drivers of trains which are ready to
depart must bring their train to a stand at the ‘Stop - Await Instructions’ board and contact the Signaller at West Midlands
S.C. – Coventry workstation, by use of the telephone provided and obtain permission to pass the ‘Stop - Await
Instructions’ board before proceeding towards signal CB.7054. The Driver must also advise the Signaller details of the
train formation (unit number(s) and number of vehicles). Upon clearance of signal CB.7054 the Driver may proceed
towards Coventry station.
                                                                                                           Dated: 26/05/09

MD410 - COVENTRY NORTH JN. TO NUNEATON SOUTH JN.
Prologis Park Siding

Only one train is permitted to be on the Single line at a time.
Before a train destined for Prologis Park Siding leaves Coventry, the signaller at West Midlands SC will contact the Person
in Charge (PIC) at Prologis Park Siding and obtain permission for the movement to enter the sidings. On entering the
siding, the Driver may proceed towards the Stop Board ‘DC1 A’ and await authorisation to proceed further. The movement
must not pass over Wheelwright Lane level crossing until authorised to do so.
The Driver of a movement from Prologis Park Siding must advise the PIC at Prologis Park Siding when ready to depart.
The PIC must then contact the signaller at West Midlands SC and obtain permission to authorise the Driver to pass Stop
Board ‘DC1 B’ and await clearance of signal CN.7540 to proceed to the Up Bedworth line.
                                                                                                           Dated: 26/05/09




December 2009                                                 267
