LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD900 – ABBOTSWOOD JN TO STOKE WORKS JN VIA WORCESTER
SHRUB HILL
Worcester Shrub Hill Through Sidings

No train or shunting movement destined to stable in ‘the sidings’, must be allowed to occupy the Down or Up Through
siding, until the Guard or Shunter has obtained the permission of the Worcester Shrub Hill Station Signaller and has
placed to Danger the ground frame operated intermediate Stop signal on the Through siding concerned.
Under no circumstances must either signal be placed to Danger without the Signaller's permission.
Immediately shunting has been completed and the Down and Up Through sidings are again clear, the signal(s) must be
replaced to the "Off" position and the Signaller advised accordingly.
The traincrew must comply immediately with the requirements of Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 36.1, using one of the
telephones connected to Worcester Shrub Hill station signalbox. When the intermediate Stop signal is "Off" the Driver
must bring the train to a stand to enable this to be done.
Working of Passenger trains. Passenger trains being worked over the Down or Up Through Sidings in an emergency
must not exceed 5 mph.
Train shunted clear of line or entering loop lines on other than track circuit block (TCB) or ERTMS lines - Rule Book,
Module TW1, Section 36.1. Drivers must carry out the provisions of this Rule when a movement is made onto the
Through Sidings from the running line at the Worcester Shrub Hill Station end.
                                                                                                       Dated: 27/03/2021

MD900 – ABBOTSWOOD JN TO STOKE WORKS JN VIA WORCESTER
SHRUB HILL
Worcester Shrub Hill

North Sidings ground frame. The signaller must be advised of the movements required to be made using this ground
frame. A Person in Charge of movements (PiC) must be appointed who must be specially trained in the use of the ground
frame. The PiC must be in attendance in good time and before trains approach from the Norton Junction
direction. Provided the signaller is in a position to grant permission, a release will be given for the interlocking lever.
After the points have been restored to the correct position, the PiC must not leave the ground frame until an assurance
has been received from the signaller that everything is in order.
Shunting movements – station area. The following is the preferred shunting route that will be used where more than one
route is available. Where only one shunting route is available, or where due to the nature of the location, liaison between
the signaller and the driver always precedes any movement, no preferred shunting route is listed.
Location                     Shunt details
Norton Junction end          To Up Main line and reverse behind shunting signal SH54.


All shunting movements between the station and the Hereford / Back Road Sidings involving HSTs must be made using
one engine only with the Oxford end power car shut down. All GWR train movements into and out of the Hereford Sidings
must be made via the Norton Junction end using the North Sidings Ground Frame.
Back Road Siding (Bay Siding). Movements to and from the Back Road Siding are fully signalled and are under the
control of the signaller. Drivers must telephone the signaller for permission to make any movement towards the exit
ground disc signal.
The Tunnel Junction end of the siding is provided with electrical shore supply connections for use when HST sets are
being stabled.
Hereford Sidings 1, 2 & 3 (GWR) A PiC must be appointed whenever moves are required to, within or from these
sidings. This person must contact the signaller when starting and finishing duty and provide a contact telephone
number. The PiC will be responsible for the operation of the North Sidings Ground Frame.
Drivers wishing to undertake train preparation duties must telephone the signaller on arrival to agree suitable protection
arrangements and obtain permission to start work. The signaller must record the name of the driver together with a mobile
telephone contact number. The signaller must inform the driver if a PIC is already on duty.




December 2009                                               291
