                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD435 SMALL HEATH SOUTH JN TO STOURBRIDGE NORTH JN
       Caledonia Yard, Small Heath Terminal & Bordesley Aggregates Terminal

       General: Caledonia Yard is formed of 6 operational Sidings. No.3 has been recovered. No.6 is a Stop Block Siding. No.1
       & 2 are Through Sidings grouped together for train stabling. No.4, 5 & 7 are Through Sidings grouped together with No.6
       Siding and link with Small Heath Terminal and Bordesley Aggregates Terminal. Trains may be stabled on No.1, 2 4 & 6
       Siding. No.5 & 7 Sidings must not be used for train stabling to maintain through access.
       Small Heath Terminal comprises of 1 x 260metre (284 yards) siding. Bordesley Aggregates Terminal comprises of 1 x
       260metre siding (284 yards).
       Person in Charge (PIC): Only one PIC shall be on duty and control movements of Caledonia Yard & Terminals at any
       one time. When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the WMSC Snow Hill
       Workstation Signaller at West Midlands Signalling Centre (WMSC) on telephone 0121 345 5822 and report to the
       Signaller when their turn of duty is complete.
       All points within the complex are hand operated and the PIC must ensure hand points are set in the correct position before
       a train movement.
       If multiple services are on site and the duty PIC is scheduled to leave, the PIC on duty shall advise the Signaller that their
       turn of duty is completed, and the shunter of the following service shall contact the Signaller to assume role of PIC.
       Arrivals into Caledonia Yard: If a train is arriving in the Up Direction, the train shall conduct a locomotive run round on
       the Through Sidings at Tyseley before being signalled onto the Up & Down Small Heath Goods towards Signal LJ7321.
       Prior to arrival at Signal LJ7321, the PIC must check all hand points are set correctly. Upon arrival at Signal LJ7321, the
       PIC shall hand a Radio to the Driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning the movements to
       access Caledonia Yard and either Terminal. The PIC must operate the Shunter Release switch to accept the inward train
       and the Signaller shall set the route into Caledonia Yard.
       5 trains can be catered for within Caledonia Yard, whether stabled or scheduled for emptying. A 6th service only can be
       accepted once a locomotive run round has been completed on a service schedule to depart Caledonia Yard imminently
       towards Tyseley.
       If an arriving service is operated by a different Freight Operating Company (FOC) the Shunter for this service shall be
       required to work under the instruction of the duty PIC. Upon arrival at Signal LJ7321 the Shunter must reach a clear
       understanding with the PIC concerning all movements prior to the PIC accepting the train into Caledonia Yard.
       Arrivals into Small Heath Terminal: Trains will generally arrive on Caledonia Yard No.7 siding. Upon arrival on No.7
       Siding the PIC shall split the train and ensure the stabled portion of the train is secured before authorising the Driver to
       draw the first portion of the train forward arriving behind hand point No.5. If the train arrives on Caledonia Yard No.4 or 5,
       the train will draw forward onto the Through Siding and propel towards hand point No.5.
       The PIC shall reset hand point No.5, lower the level crossing barriers, and authorise the Driver to propel the first portion
       into Small Heath Terminal for emptying. The train shall split into multiple portions and be shunted between Caledonia Yard
       No.7 and Small Heath Terminal.
       Once the final portion has been emptied the PIC shall authorise the Driver to draw forward onto No.7 Siding and arrive
       behind hand point No.5. The PIC shall reset the hand point and authorise the Driver to propel the final portion, or complete
       train onto No.7 Siding ready for a locomotive run round.
       The level crossing to access Bordesley Aggregates Terminal must be kept clear except during shunt movements. The
       barriers must be lowered prior to a train movement.
       Arrivals into Bordesley Aggregates Terminal: Trains will generally arrive on Caledonia Yard No.4 or 5 siding. Upon
       arrival in Caledonia Yard the PIC shall split the train and ensure the stabled portion of the train is secured before
       authorising the Driver to draw the first portion of the train forward onto the Through Siding arriving behind hand point
       No.11. The PIC shall reset the hand point and authorise the Driver to propel the first portion into Bordesley Aggregates
       Terminal for discharge.
       The train shall split into multiple portions and be shunted between Caledonia Yard No.4 or 5 Siding and Bordesley
       Aggregates Terminal.
       Once the final portion has been discharged the PIC shall authorise the Driver to draw forward onto Through Siding and
       arrive behind hand point No.11. The PIC shall reset the hand points and authorise the Driver to propel the final portion, or
       complete train into Caledonia Yard ready for a locomotive run round.




       December 2009                273A
