LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


Changing of tail lamps on reversing trains. Shunters detaching the inwards locomotive of trains which reverse must,
after the locomotive has been detached and before it departs, place a tail lamp on the vehicle behind the detaching
locomotive. The tail lamp on the rear of the train must not then be detached until the locomotive has been re-attached at
that end.
Moving a train before station work is complete – Rule Book, Module SS1, Section 2.5. Section 2.5 does not apply at
Birmingham New Street station. Permission for movements within the platforms at Birmingham New Street station will be
under the control of train dispatch staff, who will obtain the relevant authority from the signaller.
Starting of Trains - Rule Book, Module SS1, Section 3.4. The Ready to Start signal must not be given by means of the
bell/buzzer communication, it must be given for all trains by means of the Ready to Start indicator.
During any working which causes a train to be stopped short and/or on a curve whereby the driver is unable to observe or
has a limited view of the starting signal, the following instruction will apply.
The normal dispatch process for Birmingham New Street will apply with the exception of the following:
The lead train dispatcher must reach a clear understanding with the driver of the train as to what handsignal will be given
for the RA
The lead train dispatcher, once all station duties are complete, will initiate the dispatch process and check the signal and
the route indicator to establish if the correct route is set.
The lead train dispatcher will then put the RA up and double-check that all is clear and the signal is still clear for departure.
Once this is done the lead train dispatcher will then have the authority to exhibit a green handsignal held steady above
shoulder height to indicate to the driver of his/her authority to proceed.
                                                                                                          Dated: 03/03/2018


MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
New Street North Tunnel
The location lights on the Up Stour line associated with signal NS.244 comprise of two horizontal white lights affixed to
the tunnel wall at cab height and are positioned 200 yards in rear of signal NS.244. If Drivers observe one of the white
lights not illuminated they must report the fact to the Signaller at New Street box upon arrival in New Street station. If both
white lights are not illuminated this causes a failure situation resulting in Drivers having to be authorised to pass signal
NS.245 at Danger thereby causing unnecessary delays.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/10/06

MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
Soho, Light Maintenance Depot
General. Soho Main train Light Maintenance Depot (L.M.D.) is defined as Sidings 1 to 11 (including the Fuel Tank Siding)
from the King points on the Down Soho Goods Loop. Drivers and other staff must not lean out of the train windows when
proceeding along No.11 siding.
Carriage Cleaning and Servicing may only be performed in Sidings 1 to 11 inclusive. Protection of carriage cleaning
operations is the responsibility of the Carriage Cleaning Supervisor. Protection is arranged by the Designated Person.
Working of Sidings. The Designated Person responsible for all movements is the Shunter. No movement will be allowed
from the L.M.D. to the Arrival Line without the permission of the Signaller at West Midlands S.C.- Stour Valley workstation.
Movements past the ‘Stop’ board located on the Arrival Line, the ‘Stop’ board located on the Down Through Siding or
within Soho L.M.D. must only be authorised by the Designated Person.
Movements onto the Sidings. The maximum train formation which is permitted on the Arrival Line is 8 vehicles. Train
formations which arrive at the “Stop and Await Instructions” board on the Arrival Line will be disposed of to the carriage
sidings and the Designated Person will advise the Signaller accordingly. If due to operating constraints this cannot be
achieved the Designated Person will advise the Signaller the maximum remaining available capacity on the Arrival Line.
No movement must be permitted to depart from Birmingham New Street station to the Arrival Line if this is in excess of the
remaining available capacity of the Arrival Line. When the Arrival Line is again clear the Designated Person will advise the
Signaller accordingly.
Movements off the Sidings. Before a movement departs from the L.M.D. requiring to proceed beyond signal BW1203,
the Designated Person must obtain the permission of the Signaller at West Midlands S.C. -Stour Valley workstation . The
Designated Person must also advise the Signaller of the headcode, train identification and destination of the movement.
                                                                                                             Dated: 27/12/17




December 2009                                                 259
