                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
RUGBY UP YARD

Rugby Up Sidings
General: Rugby Up Sidings complex comprised of three sidings, accessed from the Up and Down Through Siding to the
North of Rugby station.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Signaller at Rugby SCC on Telephone 01788 513 611 and report to the signaller when their turn of duty is completed. The
PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
All points within the Rugby Up Sidings complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the Rugby Up
Sidings complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Arrivals:
Trains destined for Rugby Up Sidings will normally arrive on the Up & Down Through Siding from the Up direct. If arriving
from the Down direction, the locomotive shall run round the train via the Up Goods Line upon arrival under the control of
the PIC.
Upon arrival the PIC will hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and
Signaller at Rugby SCC concerning the following movements to access the Up Yard:
Upon arrival, the PIC must contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC when the train is ready to shunt from the Up & Down
Through Siding to Rugby Up Sidings via the Up Slow line once the locomotive run round is complete. The PIC will confirm
the train length.
If the train is longer than 200m / 565ft, the Signaller at Rugby SCC shall clear the position light signal associated with
Signal RN4184 towards the Up Slow line. If required, Signal NR5366 can be cleared onto the Depot Line.
The PIC shall bring the rear of the train to a stand behind Signal RN1219 and contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC to clear
Signal RN1219 into the Up Sidings.
The PIC shall complete the propel movement and shall contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC to confirm the train is in clear
of Signal RN1220 to allow the Signaller to normalise the route.
The PIC shall split the train into portions within the Up Sidings and ensure the train is secured.
If there is no PIC on duty, the Signaller may authorise a light engine movement into the Up Yard only
Departures:
The PIC shall marshal the train within the Up Sidings, complete a brake test and draw the train down to Signal RN1220
ready for departure. If necessary Signals RN1220 and RN1219 can be set up for opposed locking to allow a train to be
formed.
Upon departure the PIC shall contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC when the train is ready to shunt from the Rugby Up
Sidings to the Up & Down Through Siding via the Up Slow line.
The Signaller at Rugby SCC shall clear Signal RN1220 and the position light signal associated with Signal RN4184
towards the Up Slow line. If required, Signal NR5366 can be cleared onto the Depot Line.
The PIC shall bring the rear of the train to a stand behind Signal RN1219 and contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC to clear
Signal RN1219 onto the Up & Down Through Siding.
The PIC shall complete the propel movement and shall contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC to confirm the train is in clear
of Signal RN4184 to allow the Signaller to normalise the route.
Upon arrival on the Up & Down Through Siding, the locomotive shall run round via the Up Goods Loop line if required.
The PIC will collect the radio from the driver and shall contact the Signaller Rugby SCC to advise the Signaller that the
train is ready to depart the Up & Down Through Siding.
Opposing Locking is omitted for signals RN1219 & RN1220 and RN1219 & RN1224. In both cases the two signals can be
cleared simultaneously to allow continuous shunting without contacting the Signaller. The PIC must contact the Signaller
at Rugby SCC to request this before conducting any movements and contact the Signaller once all moves are completed.
A ‘Shunting Override Control’ facility is available to allow trains longer than approximately 200m / 656ft / 31 SLU) to shunt
continuously between the Up & Down Through Siding and the North Sidings using the Up Slow line as a headshunt. When
this facility is in use, the route is set and locked between the Up Slow and Up & Down Through Siding / Up Siding to allow
continuous movement to take place without Signaller interaction. The PIC must contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC to
request this before conducting any movements and contact the Signaller once all moves are completed.
                                                                                                          Dated:04/07/2020



December 2009                                                248
