                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD435 SMALL HEATH SOUTH JN TO STOURBRIDGE NORTH JN
Caledonia Yard, Small Heath Terminal & Bordesley Down Yard

General: Caledonia Yard is formed of 7 Sidings. No.1-4 are currently signed OOU. No.5 & 7 are Through Sidings and are
signed in use. No.6 is a Stop Block Siding. Small Heath Terminal is a single siding Terminal linking into No.7 Siding.
Caledonia Yard is linked to Bordesley Down Yard via the Through Siding connecting to Caledonia Yard No. 5-7 Sidings.
Bordesley Down Yard is currently signed out of use.
Small Heath Terminal is 260m in length.
Person in Charge (PIC): Only one PIC shall be on duty and control movements within the Yard complex at any one time.
When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the WMSC Snow Hill Workstation
Signaller at West Midlands Signalling Centre (WMSC) on telephone 0121 345 5822 and report to the Signaller when their
turn of duty is complete.
All points within the complex are hand operated and the PIC must ensure hand points are set in the correct position before
a train movement.
If multiple services are on site and the duty PIC is scheduled to leave, the PIC on duty shall advise the Signaller that their
turn of duty is completed and the shunter of the second service shall contact the Signaller to assume role of PIC.
Arrivals:
If a train is arriving in the Up Direction, the train shall conduct a locomotive run round on the Through Sidings at Tyseley
before being signalled onto the Up & Down Small Heath Goods towards Signal LJ7321.
Small Heath Terminal: Prior to arrival at Signal LJ7321, the PIC must check all hand points are set correctly. Upon arrival
at Signal LJ7321, the PIC shall hand a Radio to the Driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver
concerning the movements to access Small Heath Terminal. The PIC must operate the Shunter Release to accept the
inward train and the Signaller shall set the route into Caledonia Yard.
Upon arrival on Caledonia Yard No.7 Siding the PIC shall split the train and ensure the stabled portion of the train is
secured before authorising the Driver to draw the first portion of the train forward arriving behind hand point No.5. The PIC
shall reset the hand point and authorise the Driver to propel the first portion into Small Heath Terminal for discharge.
The train shall split into multiple portions and be shunted between Caledonia Yard No.7 and Small Heath Terminal.
Once the final portion has been discharged the PIC shall authorise the Driver to draw forward onto No.7 Siding and arrive
behind hand point No.5. The PIC shall reset the hand points and authorise the Driver to propel the final portion, or
complete train onto No.7 Siding.
The level crossing to access Bordesley Down Yard must be kept clear except during shunt movements. The barriers must
be lowered prior to a train movement.
Multiple Arrivals: A second service can only be accepted into Caledonia Yard once the first service has been emptied
and the locomotive run round has been completed with the train stabled on either Siding No.5 or No.7 Siding ready to
depart towards Tyseley.
In the event a second service is scheduled to arrive at Caledonia Yard, the Signaller shall signal the train on to the Up &
Down Small Heath Goods to arrive at Signal LJ7321. The Signaller shall contact the PIC to request acceptance from
Signal LJ7321.
If the second service is operated by a different Freight Operating Company (FOC) the Shunter for this service shall be
required to work under the instruction of the duty PIC. Upon arrival at Signal LJ7321 the shunter must reach a clear
understanding with the PIC concerning all movements prior to the PIC accepting the train into Caledonia Yard. Only when
the first service has departed Caledonia Yard can the second service be shunted into Small Heath Terminal.
Departures:
Caledonia Yard: The PIC shall secure train on No.7 Siding, detach the locomotive, and conduct a locomotive run round
via No.5 Siding. The PIC shall couple the locomotive to the Tyseley end of the train and conduct a train brake test ready
for departure. The PIC shall ensure all hand points are set correctly and authorise the Driver to draw down to Signal
LJ1314. Upon arrival at Signal LJ1314 the Driver shall contact the Signaller to advise they are ready to depart. The
Signaller shall set the route and clear Signal LJ1314 for departure onto the Up & Down Small Heath Goods towards
Tyseley. Once the train has departed, the PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise that their turn of duty is completed.
Trains departing Small Heath Terminal will generally depart from Caledonia Yard No.7 Siding.
                                                                                                         Dated: 14/08/2021




December 2009                                               273A
