                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



       MD725 AYLESBURY TO CLAYDON L&NE JUNCTION
       BETWEEN AYLESBURY VALE PARKWAY AND QUAINTON ROAD

       General:
       The HS2 materials by rail unloading point is located adjacent to the Up & Down Aylesbury Siding on the approach to
       Quainton Road (Buckinghamshire Railway Society).
       The Up & Down Aylesbury Siding between Claydon Token Cabin and the Stop Block at Quainton Road is under the
       control of the HS2 PIC. No train movements will take place to or from the Up & Down Aylesbury Siding without the PIC’s
       permission.
       Person in Charge (PIC):
       When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the Marylebone North Workstation
       Signaller. Also, the PIC must report to the Signaller when their turn of duty is completed. If a HS2 shunter(s) are on duty,
       they must report to the PIC and work to the instructions of the PIC.
       Method of Working:
       The customary method of working between Aylesbury Vale Parkway and Quainton Road will be a one train operation, with
       the driver retaining possession of the token for the section of Up and Down Aylesbury Goods line between AVP and
       Claydon Token Cabin.
       However, if an operational need arises for a second train/loco to serve the HS2 unloading point at Quainton Road, after
       the PIC has confirmed to the Marylebone North Signaller that there is sufficient room to accommodate the second
       train/loco, then the token must be replaced in the machine at Claydon Token Cabin by the driver of the train stabled at
       Quainton Road.
       Arrivals:
       The PIC/Shunter will meet the driver of the arriving train at Claydon Token Cabin and hand the driver a radio. The PIC will
       liaise with the driver and a clear understanding must be reached concerning the movements to access the HS2 unloading
       point. Prior to accepting the train to the HS2 unloading point the PIC must ensure that all staff working in the unloading
       point area are advised of the imminent arrival of the train. When this requirement is met the PIC will instruct the Driver to
       pass the Stop Board at Claydon Token Cabin and proceed to the unloading point at Quainton Road. If this is the only train
       to serve the unloading point in the required timings, then the driver will retain the token. This will be agreed via a
       conversation between the driver and Marylebone North Signaller and a clear understanding must be reached. This
       conversation will take place at Aylesbury North Goods Loop.
       However, if it is planned to arrive a second train/loco at the Quainton Road unloading point then the Token must be
       replaced in the Claydon Token Cabin machine after the train has drawn clear of the Claydon Token Cabin Stop Board
       complete with tail lamp. The replacement of the token must be carried out by the driver.
       Departures:
       No departures from Quainton Road towards Claydon Token Cabin will take place without the permission of the PIC. When
       the train arrives at Claydon Token Cabin the driver will contact the Marylebone North Signaller and confirm that he/she still
       has possession of the Token previously withdrawn at Aylesbury Vale Parkway. When this agreement is reached the
       Marylebone North Signaller will give permission for the driver to pass the Claydon Token Cabin Stop Board and proceed
       towards ME306 signal at Aylesbury Vale Parkway and obey that signal.
                                                         Dated: 20/08/2022




       December 2009                287A
