                                                              OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



Failure of an Axle Counter to reset between Alvechurch Station Junction and Weights Lane Junction (Down
Redditch line) or between Weights Lane Junction and Alvechurch Station (Up Redditch line)
If following an unsuccessful axle counter reset on the double track section of line resulting in the axle counter remaining
occupied, the Signaller will advise the Driver of the first train of the circumstances and request the Driver to examine the
affected portion of line. The Signaller will instruct the Driver to pass the protecting signal at Danger as listed in the table
below provided all track/axle counter sections are indicating clear over single line section and a route is set from the
protecting signal with the single line directional arrow displaying the direction the train is to travel. Under these
circumstances Working By Pilotman is not required.
Following the examination of the affected portion of line and if the failed axle counter section remains occupied
subsequent trains will be authorised to pass the protecting signal at Danger provided all track/axle counter sections are
indicating clear over the portion of the single line section and a route is set from the protecting signal with the single line
directional arrow displaying the direction the train is to travel. This method of working shall continue until the failed axle
counter has been restored to normal working.
                                      Signal to be
                                                         Instructions from Signaller to Driver of train to examine
             Location                  passed at
                                                                                 the line
                                        Danger
                                                         1.    Inform the Driver why the line is to be examined
                                                         2.    Reach a clear understanding as to which portion of line
                                                               is to be examined.
 Alvechurch Station to Weights
                                     SY8                 3.    Inform the Driver all axle counter / track circuit sections
 Lane Junction
                                                               are indicating clear on the single line section between
                                                               the protecting signal and the end of the single line
                                                               section
                                                         4.    That a route is set between the protecting signal and
                                                               the exit signal on the portion of line being examined
                                                               and the single line directional arrow is displaying the
                                                               correct direction of travel for the train,
 Weights Lane Junction to                                5.    Instruct the Driver to pass the protecting signal at
                                     BB7588                    danger
 Alvechurch Station
                                                         6.    Following the examination of the line and if the axle
                                                               counter remains in a failed state, all following trains
                                                               shall comply with Section 3, 4 and 5 of these
                                                               instructions.


Complete failure of signalling between Barnt Green Single Line Junction and Redditch
In the event of the total loss of signalling between Barnt Green Single Line Junction and Redditch the following applies:
    •    Working By Pilotman shall be introduced between Barnt Green Station and Redditch.
    •    The Signaller and Pilotman shall nominate which line trains will travel over between Alvechurch Station Junction
         and Weights Lane Junction.
    •    Once agreed the route must be secured by point clips / padlocks and points scotched.
    •    The key to the padlocks must be retained by the Pilotman until Working by Pilotman is withdrawn.
    •    No deviation from this method of working is allowed during the period of the failure.
    •    The pilotman must accompany every train.
    •    The times of trains entering and departing the single line section must be recorded by the Signaller in the
         Occurrence Book
                                                                                                               Dated: 13/09/14




December 2009                                                   262
