LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD130 - WATFORD JUNCTION TO ST. ALBANS ABBEY
WATFORD NORTH

When a Down train is ready to depart from Watford North station for St. Albans Abbey, a member of the Train Crew
must operate the 'Train Ready to Start' plunger on the platform, which is located within a lockable cabinet accessed by a
Number 1 key, to lower the barriers. The Driver may depart when the white flashing light is illuminated.
                                                                                                                Dated: 29/12/14

MD130 - WATFORD JUNCTION TO ST. ALBANS ABBEY
HOW WOOD

Hyde Lane footpath crossing at 4m 36ch. Drivers of Down stopping trains need only sound the horn at the whistle board
which is situated at the Watford (arrival) side of the station. NOTE: Drivers of non stopping trains must observe this
whistle board.
                                                                                                                Dated: 29/12/14


MD137 - HARLESDEN JN TO WEMBLEY CENTRAL (WEMBLEY YARD
LINES)
Wembley Yard

Reception Road No.1 must be kept clear of stabled trains and is for the use of through traffic (including traincrew
changeover) and Anglo-Scottish Sleeper services which are diverted via the East Coast Main Line.
Defective vehicles which have been detached from a train must not be left on the Reception lines (No 1 – 7) and should be
shunted into Customs Siding or B-Sidings (DB infrastructure) before the train departs.
                                                                                                          Dated: 13/06/2020

MD140 - BLETCHLEY TO BEDFORD ST JOHNS (INCLUSIVE)
Bletchley Hopper Siding

General: Bletchley Hopper Siding is located adjacent to the Up Vale line at Bletchley Station. The siding contains a
bottom discharge unit for aggregate material. The siding can be accessed at the South End through a trailing connection
from the Up Slow at Bletchley South Jn and via the Vale Refuge Siding at the North End.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Bletchley Workstation Signaller at Rugby SCC on telephone 03308542628. and report to the signaller when their turn of
duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
All points at the North End of the Bletchley Hopper Siding onto the Vale Refuge Siding are hand operated and the PIC of
any movement within Bletchley Hopper Siding complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the
movement.


Arrivals:
The PIC shall ensure all hand points are set correctly within the siding complex prior to the trains arrival.
Aggregate trains destined for Bletchley Hopper Siding will normally arrive from the north and will arrive at either Bletchley
Station on either the Up Slow (Platform 4) or Bletchley Relief No.2 (Platform 5) to be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC
shall hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and Signaller concerning the
movements to access the Bletchley Hopper Siding. The train shall then draw forward onto the Up Slow with the rear of the
train arriving behind Signal TK1463 or Signal TK1461. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller when the rear of the train is
clear of Signal TK1463 or Signal TK1461 and shall advise the Signaller that the train is ready to propel into Bletchley
Hopper Siding. The PIC shall ensure that Signal TK1463 or Signal TK1461 is displaying a proceed aspect before
authorising the propel movement with the Driver into Bletchley Hopper Siding.
Upon arrival the Locomotive shall run round the train via the Vale Refuge Siding, Up Vale and Up Slow. The PIC shall
confirm to the Signaller when the run round is complete.




December 2009                                                 255
