LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD736 – OXFORD NORTH JN (EXCL.) TO DENBIGH HALL SOUTH JN
Bicester Eastern Perimeter Rd LC (TMOB)
Lineside equipment is provided to enable the Driver to initiate the lowering of the barriers from his cab as follows:
A control wire is provided at driving cab height on the nearside of the line adjacent to the ‘Stop’ board. The train must be
stopped at the control wire. The Driver must pull and release the control wire to initiate the lowering sequence of the
barriers. Operating the wire a second time will stop the lowering sequence of the barriers. Pulling the control wire a third
time will continue the lowering sequence. When the lowering sequence is complete the Driver’s white light will flash.
A cupboard is also provided at the approaches to the level crossing which contains a manual control unit with three push
buttons:
‘Raise’
‘Lower’
‘Stop’
When the ‘Lower’ button has been pressed, the ‘Up’ indicator will be extinguished, showing that the barrier lowering
sequence had commenced and the road traffic signals will commence to operate. Red indicator lights will show that the
road traffic signals are operating on both approaches to the crossing. If it is necessary to stop the barriers descending, the
‘Stop’ button must be pressed. Further operation of the ‘Lower’ button will continue the lowering sequence. When all
barriers are fully lowered, the ‘Down’ indicator will illuminate. Momentary depression of the ‘Raise’ button will cause the
barriers to rise from whatever position they may be in and the red traffic signal may be extinguished. If it is necessary to
stop the barriers rising, the ‘Stop’ button must be pressed. When the barriers are correctly lowered, the Drivers white light
will flash. The Driver must then re-lock the cupboard and rejoin the train. As the barriers are designed to rise
automatically following the passage of the train, the train may proceed on its journey. Approximately quarter of a mile in
advance of the crossing is an elevated indicator which, when illuminated, displays the letters ‘BU’ to signify that the
barriers have risen behind a train which has passed clear of the crossing.
Failure of Equipment. The Signaller at Claydon L. & N.E. Junction box must be immediately advised of the failure of any
equipment at this level crossing. If it has been necessary to gain access to the RKB222 and Allen Keys, the Signaller must
be advised of the reasons for their use. The Signaller must notify Network Rail Control, who must notify the Maintenance
Contractor, who must then replace the protecting glass.
Failure of White Light. If the White light on the ‘Stop’ board fails to flash, the train may proceed over the crossing
provided it has first been established that the barriers are fully lowered.
Failure of barriers. If the barriers fail to lower, but the road traffic signals are operating, a second attempt must be made
to lower the barriers from the control unit on the other side of the crossing. If the barriers still fail to lower, the train may
proceed over the crossing provided the Driver is satisfied it is safe to do so.
Failure of barriers and Red road traffic signals. If the barriers and red traffic signals fail, trains may pass over the
crossing in clear weather during daylight hours provided that the Guard can give the Driver an assurance that it is safe to
do so. During the hours of darkness, or during fog or falling snow, trains must not pass over the crossing until the failure
has been rectified.
Failure of ‘BU’ Indication. If the ‘BU’ indication has not been illuminated by the time the train is about to pass it, the train
must stop and the Driver must return to either of the cupboards and observe that the ‘Up’ indicator is illuminated. If it is
not, he must attempt to raise the barriers by pressing the ‘Raise’ button on the control unit. Should this be unsuccessful,
he must try the corresponding button on the other control unit. If after these attempts, one or more barriers fail to rise
completely, the following action must be taken:
(i)       Break the glass of the glass fronted box located in the control cupboard and remove the keys to the hydraulic
          equipment covers.
(ii)      Unlock and open the hinged door on the rear of the barrier control mechanism (side away from the road).
(iii)     Extend the telescopic hand pump handle and pump to raise the barrier (approximately 20 pumps required).
(iv)      Raise each barrier in turn:
          NOTE: Barriers YN1 and ZN1 must not be raised until or unless YO and ZO are fully raised.
(v)       If after following these instructions, the barriers return to the lowered position the Shunter must contact the
          Signaller at Claydon L. & N.E. Junction box and advise him of the failure and request the provision of an
          Attendant at the crossing.
          The train must not then leave until:
          (a)      the Attendant has arrived or.
          (b)      the failure has been rectified by the Signalling Technician.
(vi)      Move the handle to the “Up” position, stow the handle and close and lock the access door.
                                                                                                               Dated: 13/02/16




December 2009                                                  288
