                                                           OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




Rule Book Module M3 – Managing incidents, floods and
snow
The following additional instructions are applicable to electric point heaters:-
Electric Point Heaters
At certain locations point heaters are switched on automatically at predetermined temperature levels.
If advice is received that frost or falling snow is forecast or that the air temperature is expected to fall below freezing point
and at the same time there will be rain, the Signaller must operate the heater switch for the area/s concerned to the ON
position two hours before the weather conditions are expected to occur. If less than two hours warning is received, the
heater switch must be operated to the ON position immediately advice is received.
If a warning is not received but the Signaller considers that there is a risk of the points becoming frozen or if he observes
or is advised that snow is beginning to fall, he must immediately operate the heater switch to the ON position for the area/s
concerned.
The Signaller must operate the heater switch/s to the OFF position when there is no further risk of the points being frozen
or blocked by snow.
                                                                                LNW South Route GI - Dated: 09/06/12


Rule Book Module P2 - Working single and bi-directional
lines by pilotman
Section 1, Clause 1.2 - Exceptions
Where working by pilotman need not be introduced following signalling equipment failure

Working by pilotman need not be introduced following a failure of signalling equipment on the single lines listed below,
provided that the following conditions are met:
    1.   All track circuits are functioning correctly on the single line and associated connections.
    2.   All points are detected or secured in accordance with the Rule Book, Module TS11, Section 13 and Handbook 4.
Locations where this instruction is authorised

MD310 Barnt Green Junction and Redditch
  • Between Barnt Green Single Line Junction and Alvechurch Station Junction.
  • Between Weights Lane Junction and Redditch
MD405 Leamington Spa Junction to Coventry South Junction
  • Between Gibbet Hill Junction and Milverton Junction.
MD415 Hatton Station to Stratford-upon-Avon
  • Between Hatton West Junction and Bearley Junction.
MD420 Hatton North Junction to Hatton West Junction
  • Between Hatton North Junction and Hatton West Junction.
MD910 Pershore (Incl.) to Norton Junction
    •Between Evesham West Junction 107m 52ch(GW310 Wolvercot Jn to Pershore (Excl.) and Norton Jn. Drivers must
     obtain modified working ticket RT3177 at signals E2457 or E2453 at Evesham or from signal NJ9 at Norton Junction.
     Tickets kept in signal post telephone cabinets on the platforms at Evesham and in a cabinet near signal NJ9 at
     Norton Junction. Permitted for a maximum of three hours.
MD940 Worcester Shrub Hill to Shelwick Jn
    •Between Malvern Wells and Ledbury. Trains may be authorised to proceed by means of a written order before
     working by Pilotman is introduced.
     Between Ledbury and Shelwick Jn. Trains may be authorised to proceed by means of a written order before working
     by Pilotman is introduced. For up direction trains, drivers must obtain modified working tickets as directed by the
     signaller from a lockable box at signal H102 at Shelwick Jn.
                                                                              LNW South Route GI - Dated: 27/03/2021




December 2009                                                   8
