                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


MD410 - COVENTRY NORTH JN. TO NUNEATON SOUTH JN.
Coventry Yard

Stabling of West Midlands Trains units
Sidings 1 and 2 will be used for the stabling of West Midlands Trains units.
Arriving trains. Drivers of units requiring to stable in the Yard must contact the Signaller at West Midlands S.C. –
Coventry workstation and advise him / her of the details of the train formation (unit number(s) and number of vehicles) and
agree with the Signaller which siding the train will be stabled in. Upon clearance of the appropriate signal controlling
movements into the Yard, the Driver may proceed and bring the train to a stand at the ‘Check Handpoints’ board adjacent
to signal CB.7054 and ensure that any handpoints within the required route to Siding 1 or 2 are set in the correct position.
Drivers must stable the unit(s) at the extreme (Nuneaton) end of Siding 1 or 2 and ensure that vehicles are not left
standing foul of any adjoining siding. The Driver of unit(s) arriving into an already occupied siding must stable the unit(s)
at least 2 metres (6’6”) away from any other stabled unit(s), ensuring that the rear of their train formation is not left
standing foul of any adjoining siding. If pantographs are to be lowered on Electric Multiple Units after stabling, then the
Driver must ensure that an emergency tail lamp is placed on the rear vehicle.
Departing trains. All trains will normally depart from the station end of the Yard. Drivers of trains which are ready to
depart must bring their train to a stand at the ‘Stop - Await Instructions’ board and contact the Signaller at West Midlands
S.C. – Coventry workstation to obtain permission to pass the ‘Stop - Await Instructions’ board before proceeding towards
signal CB.7054. The Driver must also advise the Signaller details of the train formation (unit number(s) and number of
vehicles). Upon clearance of signal CB.7054 the Driver may proceed towards Coventry station.
                                                                                                        Dated: 13/06/2020

MD410 - COVENTRY NORTH JN. TO NUNEATON SOUTH JN.
Prologis Park Siding & Yard

General: Prologis Park Siding is located off a connection to the Down Bedworth at Three Spires Junction and leads to
Prologis Park Yard.
Only one train is permitted to be on Prologis Park Siding at a time.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Coventry Workstation Signaller at West Midlands SCC on telephone 0121 345 5720 and report to the Signaller when their
turn of duty is completed.
Arrivals:
Trains destined for Prologis Park Yard will arrive on the Prologis Park Siding from the Down Bedworth Line only. The PIC
must be on duty prior to the inward bound service passing through Coventry Station. The Coventry Workstation Signaller
will contact the PIC and obtain permission for the train movement to enter Prologis Park Siding. The Signaller will route the
service onto the Siding and the train Driver shall bring the train to a stand at ‘Stop’ board DC1 A.
Upon arrival at the ‘Stop’ board DC1 A the PIC will hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a clear understanding
with the Driver concerning the movements to access Prologis Park Yard. The PIC will grant authority to the Driver to pass
over Wheelwright Lane level crossing and proceed into Prologis Park Yard. The PIC shall complete this movement and
shall contact the Coventry Workstation Signaller to confirm the train has arrived in clear of Signal CN7540. The PIC shall
split the train into portions within the Sidings and ensure the train is secure.
Departures:
The PIC shall marshal the train within the Yard and complete a brake test. The PIC will contact Coventry Workstation
Signaller to obtain permission for a movement to pass ‘Stop’ board DC1 B and proceed the train towards Signal CN7540
ready for departure.
                                                                                                        Dated: 15/08/2020




December 2009                                               267
