                                                          OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



Rule Book Module TW3 - Preparation and movement of
locomotive-hauled trains
Section 12, Clause 12.1 - Before the movement begins
Operating instructions in connection with the operation of the high output system for trains over the
LNW Route.
Powering the rear locomotive.
This instruction applies to:
         a) High Output Ballast Cleaner (HOBC)
         b) High Output Track Relayer (HOTR)
Due to the length of these trains and that they may be overweight under normal traction arrangements the following trains
are authorised to operate with a locomotive provided at each end of the train
6H90 – Operated by DB Schenker
6Y60 – Operated by Freightliner
The instruction will apply regardless of whether the train is travelling to or from a possession, or when transiting between
High Output Operating Bases (HOOB’s)
A driver will be provided in each locomotive and communication equipment will be provided for use by each driver to
communicate with each other as required.
The rear loco is authorised to apply traction power to assist when necessary in negotiation of the route.
Each freight operating company for these trains must, under these conditions, provide a detailed method of operation to
the drivers operating the HOBC train. That detail must include:
        What the method of communication will be between the drivers.
        The agreed structure of communication between the lead driver and rear driver when it becomes necessary for
         the rear locomotive to apply traction power and when traction power from the rear is no longer required.
Should communication be lost between the leading and rear locomotive drivers whilst in transit the train must be bought to
a stand immediately and the signaller advised. No further movement must be made until communications are again
established between the leading and rear locomotive drivers OR the train is declared a failure in accordance with Rule
Book Module M2 and assistance provided.
                                                          London North Western Territory GI - Dated: 14/04/2012


Rule Book Module TW5 - Preparation and movement of
trains : Defective or isolated vehicles and on-train
equipment - Defective on-train equipment
Section 14 - Hot axle boxes and activation of lineside hot axle box detectors
These instructions do not apply to steam locomotives in steam and former Class 101 to Class 128 Diesel Multiple Units
running in departmental service and Class 121 units.
                                                                               LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13


Rule Book Module HB8 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a
line & Module TS1 – General Signalling Regulations
Line Blockage Change of COSS
If you are a new COSS taking duty you must tell the Signaller
If you are the new COSS when a signal box that has been closed is reopened, you must tell the signaller that the COSS
has changed.
Where a PC is appointed, the PC must carryout the role of the COSS as described above when applicable.
                                                                               LNW South Route GI - Dated: 04/12/10




December 2009                                                 16
