                                   OFFICIAL
       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




       Working of ground frames
       Unlocked from Signal Box. The ground frame operator must telephone the Signaller and come to a clear understanding
       regarding the movements to be made and request him to unlock the frame. The Signaller must inform the ground frame
       operator when the frame has been unlocked. Where a plunger working in connection with a release lever at the ground
       frame is provided, it must be pressed and held in until the lever is out of the catch. When the movements have been
       completed, and the train is clear of the points ready to depart or has been shunted into the siding(s) clear of the running
       line(s), and the ground frame levers placed in the normal position, the ground frame operator must inform the Signaller
       accordingly and request him to lock the ground frame. The Signaller must inform the ground frame operator when this has
       been done. Until this advice is received, the ground frame operator must not rejoin the train or allow it to proceed.
       At Ground Frames where separate telephone ringing facilities are not provided, the “Attend Telephone” bell code 3-3-3-3
       must be used by the person requiring to speak to the Signaller, or vice versa.
       If the ground frame operator observes any irregularity on the running lines or should a running line be fouled, he must
       immediately advise the Signaller and where bell communication is provided, in order to obtain the Signaller's attention
       without delay he must give six or more beats on the bell in rapid succession. The ground frame operator must also take
       whatever protective action is required.
       At ground frames, where bell communication is also provided with the signal box, the following code must be used if there
       is a failure of the telephone:-
       To Signal Box

       Unlock ground frame                    2
       Train shunted clear of running line(s)-lock ground frame
                                              3
       Train on running line ready to depart-lock ground frame
                                              5
       These codes will be acknowledged by repetition when the ground frame
                                              6
       has been unlocked/locked Running line(s) fouled
       From Signal Box

       Clear running line(s) for train to pass7
       To be acknowledged by repetition and code 3 sent when the line(s) have
       been cleared
       The call attention signal, 1 beat, must be sent and acknowledged before the required code is sent. Should the Signaller be
       unable to re-lock the ground frame and special emergency instructions are not in force, he must not allow a following train
       to proceed until an assurance has been received that the points have been firmly secured in the normal position or the
       failure has been rectified.
                                             LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06




       December 2009                 42
