                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2

MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
TYSELEY
Tyseley Down Sidings complex
Tyseley Down Sidings complex comprises the following:
Carriage Sidings. Wash Road, Stabling Sidings 1 to 12, Fuel Roads 13 to 15, and Tyseley Carriage Neck.
Tyseley Through Sidings. Situated between the Carriage Sidings and the Factory Sidings.
Oil Sidings and Cripple Sidings. Connection from the Down Tyseley Through Siding.
Diesel Depot area. Connection from No.2 Engine Line.
Birmingham Railway Museum area. Connection from No.1 Engine Line.
Tyseley Down Sidings Complex. Diesel Multiple Units (DMUs) must be driven from the leading cab except where the
DMU cannot be driven from the leading cab due to a defect. Where the leading cab cannot be used, the provisions of
Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 26 must be observed. Movements must only be made from other than the leading end
with the Shunter controlling the movement from the ground and another Driver in the leading cab, if a functional brake is
operative. All locomotives and DMUs must be shut down when being left unattended. Every effort must be made to keep
noise to a minimum during all train movements.
Carriage Sidings. Before a movement is allowed to enter the sidings from the south end, the signaller at WMSC Snow
Hill workstation must obtain permission from the Operations Supervisor at the Carriage Sidings, who must give an
assurance that the line for which the points are set is clear sufficiently to accommodate the movement.
The signaller at Tyseley No.1 SB will, before authorising a movement beyond signal (TY1)3, obtain the Shunter’s
permission. All empty DMUs arriving at Tyseley Carriage Sidings from the north direction must stop at the ‘Stop & Await
Instructions’ boards and not proceed without the Shunter’s permission.
Telephones for the use of train crew to contact the Operations Supervisor on extension 05 44258 when assistance is
required, have been located as follows:
    •    At the Birmingham-end of No.1 road.
    •    On the 5th overhead lighting stanchion (as counted from the south end) between No.4 and No.5 roads.
    •    On the 5th overhead lighting stanchion (as counted from the south end) between No.8 and No.9 roads.
Fuel Roads. ‘Stop & Await Instructions’ boards are located at the ends of each of the Fuel Roads 13, 14 and 15 and are
under the control of the Designated Person, who will be identified by a yellow arm band endorsed D.P. in black letters.
Drivers arriving at the north Shunters ‘Stop & Await Instruction’ boards will receive instructions from the north end Shunter
to proceed towards the Fuel Roads “Stop & Await Instruction” boards. Drivers arriving at the Fuel Roads ‘Stop & Await
Instruction’ board will receive authorisation from the Designated Person. However if the Designated Person is not
immediately available he may delegate the north end Shunter to authorise the driver to pass the “Stop & Await Instruction”
boards to the appropriate Fuel Road. Drivers who have not received specific authority from the north end Shunter to
proceed onto the Fuel Roads shall stop on arrival at the ‘Stop & Await Instructions’ boards on Fuel Roads 13, 14 or 15 and
must not proceed until authorised to do so by the Designated Person.
Diesel Depot area. Drivers must not proceed from shunting signals (TY1)7/8 or (TY1)21/22, located on the Diesel Depot
side of Tyseley No.1 SB towards the Diesel Depot sidings unless authorised by the Person in Charge (PIC) at the Diesel
Depot, even though the appropriate signal may have been cleared. Points are clipped for movement only onto No.1 Road.
Entry to the Brook Road is by authorisation of the Senior Traction Maintenance Supervisor (Designated Person) and the
PIC, who will precede the movement on the ground.
Movements must not be made beyond the protecting signals until the PIC has obtained the permission of the Designated
Person and ensured that the appropriate derailer has been lowered and the associated signal is displaying a proceed
aspect. The movement may be controlled by the PIC or Designated Person. Before authorising any movement out of the
Diesel Depot, the PIC must obtain the permission of the Designated Person and ensure that the appropriate derailer has
been lowered.
Tyseley Down Through Siding
Oil Discharge Siding and Scrap Yard sidings. The points in the Tyseley Down Through Siding forming the connection
to the Oil Discharge Siding and Scrap Yard Sidings must be kept clipped and padlocked in the normal position for
movements along the Tyseley Down Through Siding. When it is necessary for a movement to be made to or from the Oil
Discharge Siding or Scrap Yard Sidings, the Guard or Shunter must obtain the key to the padlock from the signaller at
Tyseley No.1 SB. Upon completion of work the points forming the connection from the Tyseley Down Through Siding to
the Oil Discharge Siding and Scrap Yard Sidings must be clipped and padlocked in the normal position and the key
returned to the signaller at Tyseley No.1 SB.
Tyseley Up Through Siding
Detention of trains at signal LJ7304. Drivers of through trains which are detained at this signal must advise the signaller
at WMSC Snow Hill workstation if they require assistance to overcome the sharp rising gradient when starting away. The
assisting locomotive must only assist the train as far as signal LJ7304 and must not be coupled to the train.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/08/17

December 2009                                               266
