                                                           OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1


BLOCK TO ELECTRIC TRAINS INSTRUCTIONS
For dual mode traction including diesel-electrics or other combined traction types

When a section of line is blocked to electric trains the following procedure shall be followed before any vehicle capable of
running as an electric train under 25 KV OHLE is allowed to pass through the affected section of railway line.
This procedure applies to all movements with the following traction units
Class 88 electro diesel locomotives
Class 800 Super Express multiple units
Class 319 (proposed)
The train must be brought to a stand at the protecting signal
The driver must be advised that the line ahead has been blocked to electric trains, giving the limits of the blockage and an
assurance obtained from the driver that the pantograph has been lowered and will remain lowered until the entire train is
clear of the affected area.
Note that where a non-electrified line joins an electrified line, the signaller must also apply reminders on the signal
protecting the junction from the non-electrified lines.
Where there is authority to divert trains via alternative routes without advising the driver, dual mode traction types must be
stopped and the driver advised.
                                                                             LNW South Route GI - Dated: 08/07/2017


CLASS 15X/17X UNITS WORKING ON REDUCED
TRACTION POWER
Special arrangements must be made for Class 15X/17X units when proceeding between Bromsgrove and Blackwell with
one or more engines not available for traction. Operations Control must be told of any such technical problems, whether
by the Driver via the Signaller or by the TOC Control.
Operations Control must ascertain that local weather conditions are suitable and that there are no emergency or
temporary speed restrictions which would prevent an unimpeded run over the section concerned. Arrangements must be
made with the Signaller for a ‘clear run’ to be provided between signals BA3630/WB5899 at Stoke Works Junction and
signal BA3598 at Blackwell, with the train routed via the Up Gloucester line (Platform 2) at Bromsgrove station. If the train
is timetabled to call at Bromsgrove, a ‘not to call’ order must also be issued for that station at Droitwich or Cheltenham Spa
as convenient.
                                                                             LNW South Route GI - Dated: 21/10/2017


CLASS 220/221 TRAINS WORKING ON REDUCED
TRACTION POWER
    1.   Four-car units with at least two engines, and five-car units with at least three engines available for traction may
         operate on without restriction. Trains consisting of more than one unit must have the equivalent ratio of engines
         available throughout the train.
    2.   Assistance must be provided for five-car units with only two engines available for traction over the sections of line
         listed in clause 4 below. Elsewhere, such trains may operate unassisted provided the relevant Fleet Controller
         agrees in each case.
    3.   Before working over the sections of line listed in clause 4 below, all effort must be made to restore traction power
         by the last booked stopping point. If this cannot be done but the minimum number of engines shown in clause 1
         above remains available, the train may proceed unassisted. Operations Control must be told what is to happen
         and if at all possible must arrange with the Signaller concerned for an unchecked run to be made over the
         relevant incline(s).
    4.   Unless sufficient engines per unit shown in clause 1 are available for traction, Class 220/ 221 trains must be
         assisted when working over the following sections of line:
             •    Bromsgrove to Blackwell (if an unassisted, unchecked run is to be made, this must be from Stoke Works
                  Junction with the train routed through the Up Gloucester line (Platform 2) at Bromsgrove station).
    5.   In all cases the arrangements must be agreed between TOC Control and Operations Control.

                                                                            LNW South Route GI - Dated: 21/10/2017




December 2009                                                   20
