LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



Emergency Procedure. In the event of an accident requiring the attendance of the Emergency Services they can be
summoned via the locomotive cab to shore radio or via a mobile telephone whichever is appropriate. Any accident on site
must be reported to the Cemex P.I.C. in addition to normal Train Operating Company reporting procedures.
In the event of the need to evacuate the Cemex site, staff must obey the instructions of the Cemex P.I.C.
                                                                                                        Dated: 10/04/12

MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Saltley Loco Servicing Depot, former

Former DB Schenker Locomotive Inspection Point
Arriving locomotives. The Driver of an arriving locomotive must bring the movement to a stand at the ‘Stop and Check
Points’ board. The Driver must check that all points are in the correct position and proceed onto No.2 Fuel Road.
Departing locomotives. The Driver of a departing locomotive must obtain permission to proceed towards signal WP1898
from the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Station. When permission has been obtained the Driver must ensure
that no other movements are taking place before proceeding cautiously towards signal WP1898. If the Signaller is unable
to give permission for the movement, he will instruct the Driver to report again after a given period.
Shunting movements. The permission of the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Station must be obtained,
before a shunting movement is made towards signal WP1898. When the movement has been completed the Driver must
inform the signaller at Washwood Heath Work Station.
                                                                                                        Dated: 10/04/12

MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
European Metals Recycling Sidings

When shunting movements are required the Shunter in Charge must advise the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath
Work Station by telephone (085 55011), that a shunting movement is about to commence. The Signaller will give
permission providing no other movement has been authorised. When all shunting movements have been completed the
Shunter must advise the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Station by telephone.
                                                                                                        Dated: 10/04/12




December 2009                                              279
