                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD137 – HARLESDEN JN TO WEMBLEY CENTRAL (WEMBLEY YARD
       LINES)
       Princess Royal Distribution Centre

       GENERAL:
       Princess Royal Distribution Centre (PRDC) is located 6 miles North of London Euston on the West Coast Mainline
       adjacent to the Up & Down High Level Goods. The Terminal comprises 4 Operational Platforms (1-4), and 2 Locomotive
       Stabling Siding (Platforms 6 and 7, maximum capacity for 1 locomotive). The controlling Signal Box is Wembley Yard -
       0330 852 6443.
       Person in Charge (PIC): The FOC PIC is responsible for all train movements within the terminal. Trains may be
       dispatched by Driver Only Operation, and in this situation the driver will assume the role of PIC.

       Arrivals:
       Prior to arrival, the FOC PIC shall ensure the platform gates are opened and cancel the ‘Platform Lockout’ device.
       All Arrivals shall arrive on the Railnet Reception Lines before being signalled into the Terminal.
       Locomotive hauled trains are required to conduct a locomotive run round on the Railnet Reception lines. Upon arrival, the
       FOC PIC shall hand a radio to the driver and complete a radio test. Once the locomotive run round has been completed,
       the FOC PIC must reach a clear understanding with the driver regarding the propel movements into the terminal.

       Departures:
       Prior to departure, the FOC PIC shall ensure the platform gates are opened and cancel the ‘Platform Lockout’ device.
       Once train preparation duties have been completed the FOC PIC will operate the ‘Train Ready to Start’ plunger. If the
       driver is acting as the PIC they will contact the Wembley Yard Signaller to obtain permission to departure. The Signaller
       shall clear the relevant signal upon scheduled departure towards the Railnet Reception Lines.
       The FOC PIC shall secure the access gates and activate the ‘Platform Lockout’ device. If the driver is acting as PIC they
       are not required to secure the access gates after departure.

       Lockout Facility:
       Lockout devices are provided for all platforms with the Princess Royal Distribution Centre
       If it is necessary to carry out coupling or uncoupling on Platforms 2 - 4 the PIC must use the appropriate lockout device
                                                         Dated: 24/07/2021




       December 2009                255A
