                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD701 - MARYLEBONE TO AYNHO JUNCTION
       Ashendon Jn, former site of To Brill Tunnel

       During times and certain circumstances when running water is on or immediate to the lines between 0m 75ch and 2m
       10ch, trains will be cautioned through the area and Drivers will be requested to report back to the Signaller at Marylebone
       IECC the following information:

                 • Which lines are affected.
                 • The depth of the water.
                 • Whether the water is running/flowing alongside the track (in the cess etc) and/or through, under or
                   across the ballast.
                                                           Dated: 04/10/08

       MD701 MARYLEBONE TO AYNHO JUNCTION
       Bicester South Junction

       The Down Main line approach to Bicester South Junction is provided with two splitting distant signals, as per Handbook
       RS521 Signals, Handsignals, Indicators and Signs, Section 2.6 Splitting distant signals, in order to provide clear advance
       information of which route is set at the junction signal (signal ME187).
       The inner splitting distant signal is numbered as ME187R and is not capable of displaying a red aspect.
       The outer splitting distant signal is numbered as ME353 and is capable of displaying a red aspect.
       At both splitting distant signals, the higher signal head, positioned closest to the running line, applies to the straight ahead
       route towards Bicester North station. The lower signal head, off-set and further away from the running line, applies to
       either the Down Bicester South West Chord or the Up Bicester South West Chord. The permissible speed is the same to
       both chord lines and information about which chord line will be used will be given at the junction signal ME187.
       NOTES:
       An AWS clear (bell) indication will be given when either signal head shows a green.

       Under certain failure conditions it is possible for a single yellow to be shown in each head – i.e. displayed as 2 yellows
       horizontally. This must be treated as a caution, i.e. be prepared to stop at the next signal.

                                                           Dated: 03/12/16




       MD701 - MARYLEBONE TO AYNHO JUNCTION
       West Ruislip Up Siding No 1 & 2

       When the Down Main and Up Main lines are taken under possession, the following instructions for Drivers, PICOPS,
       PICOS/PIC/RP and Machine Controllers will apply:


       INSTRUCTIONS FOR DRIVERS:
       Engineering Trains entering the former Sidings No 1 & 2 at West Ruislip.
       When possible, the engineering train will be routed on to the Up West Ruislip Loop and stop at ME87 signal.
       Once you have arrived at ME87 Signal, you should contact the PICOP. The PICOP will instruct you to proceed to the
       temporary stop block and work to the directions of the PICOS/PIC.


       Engineering Trains exiting the former Sidings No 1 & 2 at West Ruislip.
       When your engineering train is at the temporary stop block and is ready to leave the former sidings No 1 & 2,
       arrangements will be made for the temporary stop block to be removed.
       The PICOS/PIC at the former Sidings No 1 & 2 at West Ruislip will instruct you to proceed towards ME84 signal work to
       the instructions of the PICOP.




       December 2009                283
