LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD105 - HANSLOPE JUNCTION TO RUGBY (VIA NORTHAMPTON)
NORTHAMPTON

Trains Starting from Platforms 1 to 4. The ‘Train Ready To Start’ plunger must be pressed two minutes before the train
is ready to start.
Electric Multiple Units. Twelve car formations of sliding door stock must only use platforms 1, 2, 3 and 4 to take up or set
down passengers.
Stabling of E.M.U. trains. E.M.U. trains must be stabled with the pantograph in the raised position and saloon lighting set
unless instructed otherwise.
Riverside Sidings - departing trains. Drivers must not move their train towards signals RY.1211 or RY.1213 without first
contacting the Signaller. The Signaller will confirm that no train has been signalled towards the sidings. Once this
confirmation has been obtained, the Driver should ascertain, as far as is practical, that no conflicting movement will take
place in the siding. The Driver must then bring their train to a stand, short of signal RY.1211 or RY.1213, to await its
clearance. The provisions of Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 34.1 are hereby amended.
Before the Driver of an 8 car Class 321 E.M.U. departs to shunt into the station, the Signaller must be informed that the
train consists of an 8 car Class 321 E.M.U. Movements comprised of an 8 car Class 321 E.M.U. must be routed via the
Down Goods Loop or the Up & Down Slow line.
Northampton North Junction. The illumination of the 'OFF' indicator working in conjunction with signal RY.1038
controlling set back movements from the 'Up & Down' Slow line, will be the Driver's authority to commence the setting
back movement. The setting back movement must be made at walking pace and the Driver must be prepared to act on a
handsignal from the Guard or Shunter when he comes into view.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/12/13

MD105 - HANSLOPE JUNCTION TO RUGBY (VIA NORTHAMPTON)
Northampton Up Sidings

General: Northampton Up Sidings complex comprised of 5 through sidings, accessed from the Reception Line to the
North of Northampton Station. Sidings 1, 2 and 5 are electrified.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Northampton Panel Signaller at Rugby SCC on telephone 01788 513610 and report to the Signaller when their turn of duty
is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
All points within the Northampton Up Sidings complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the sidings
complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Arrivals:
The PIC must advise the Signaller that they are on site prior to any inward bound service passing Rugby (if arriving from
the North) or Bletchley (if arriving from the South) and advise they are ready to accept the service.
The Signaller shall contact the PIC and ask them to accept the train. The PIC shall ensure that the hand points are set into
the correct siding. Trains arriving from the Rugby direction are signalled on to the Reception Line from Signal RY1044 on
the Up and Down Slow. Trains arriving from the Northampton direction are signalled on to the Reception Line from Signal
RY1033.
Departures:
The PIC shall marshal the train within the sidings and complete a brake test. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to obtain
permission for a movement to draw the train towards Signal RY1227 for Northbound departures or Signal RY1224 for
Southbound departures.
                                                                                                       Dated: 06/03/2021




December 2009                                               250
