LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



The section of line between the signalbox, where the train to be used to examine the line will enter the section, and the far
end of the first tunnel must be examined on foot. The train may then be allowed to enter the section on receipt of
information that the line is clear to that point, but the Driver must be instructed not to proceed beyond that point until
authorised by the person examining the line, who must then ride with the Driver to the entrance of the second tunnel.
The train must wait at this point until examination on foot of the second tunnel has been made and the person concerned
has arrived at the other signalbox. The Signaller there, on receipt of information that the line is clear to the signalbox, must
advise the Driver by telephone and authorise them to proceed.
                                                                                                          Dated: 27/03/2021

MD950 – WORCESTER TUNNEL JN TO HENWICK
Worcester Tunnel Jn to Henwick SB (SK)

Section obstructed by accident or disabled train. Should the opposite running line to that on which the train is travelling
also be obstructed, such line must be protected in both directions in accordance with Rule Book, Module M1.
Trains returning from Worcester Foregate Street to Worcester Tunnel Junction. DMU trains may proceed from Worcester
Tunnel Junction to Worcester Foregate Street station and return therefrom to Worcester Tunnel Junction.
DMU trains must terminate at Foregate Street station and return only from that point.
The Person in Charge at Foregate Street station must advise the Worcester Tunnel Junction Signaller when the return
train is ready to leave.
Trains returning from Worcester Foregate Street towards Hereford.
During exceptional circumstances such as engineering work or service disruption, trains capable of being driven from
either end may proceed from the Hereford direction to Worcester Foregate Street station and return therefrom towards
Hereford.
The person in Charge at Worcester Foregate Street must advise the Henwick Signaller when the return train is ready to
leave.
                                                                                                          Dated: 27/03/2021




December 2009                                                 294
