                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
       JUNCTION
       Up Washwood Heath Sidings

       General: Up Washwood Heath Sidings consists of 3 sidings. There are 2 through sidings with bottom discharge units for
       aggregate material and 1 cripple siding accessible only via the East end of the site. The sidings can be accessed through
       a single access at the East End of the site and via two Arrival/Departure roads at West end of the site all connecting to the
       Up Derby Slow. The length of the 2 through sidings are 767m/2516ft.
       All points within the Up Washwood Heath Sidings are hand operated and the PIC of any movement must ensure hand
       points are set in the correct position prior to the movement.
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Washwood Heath Workstation Signaller at West Midlands Signalling Centre (WMSC) on telephone 0121 576 2011 and
       report to the signaller when their turn of duty is complete. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.


       Arrivals:
       The PIC must advise the Washwood Heath Workstation Signaller that they are on site and the access gates are open 30
       minutes prior to arrival and advise they are ready to accept the service.
       Trains arriving from the West end are signalled towards ‘Stop and Telephone board’ WP8946 on the Up Washwood Heath
       Arrival/Departure No.1 or ‘Stop and Telephone board’ WP8948 on the Up Washwood Heath Arrival/Departure No.2, where
       the train shall be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a clear
       understanding with the Driver concerning movements to access Up Washwood Heath Sidings.
       Trains arriving from the East direction are signalled on to the arrival/departure access line. The Driver shall stop short of
       the 1st set of points and be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a
       clear understanding with the Driver concerning the movements to access Up Washwood Heath Sidings.
       Departures:
       Trains departing towards the West: The PIC shall marshal the train within Up Washwood Heath Sidings and complete a
       brake test. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart. The PIC shall collect the Radio from
       the Driver prior to the train departing and give the Driver authority to pass the ‘Stop and Telephone’ board to draw up
       towards Signal WP8893 on the Up Washwood Heath Arrival/Departure No.1 or Signal WP8895 on the Up Washwood
       Heath Arrival/Departure No.2. The Signaller shall clear Signal WP8893 or Signal WP8895 upon scheduled departure. The
       PIC shall secure the access gates and confirm with the Signaller that their turn of duty is complete.
       Trains departing towards the East: The PIC shall marshal the train within Up Washwood Heath Sidings and complete a
       brake test. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart. The PIC shall collect the Radio from
       the Driver prior to the train departing and give the Driver authority to pass the ‘Stop and Telephone’ board to draw up
       towards Signal WP8864 on the single line Arrival/Departure line. The Signaller shall clear Signal WP8864 upon scheduled
       departure. The PIC shall secure the access gates and confirm with the Signaller that their turn of duty is complete.
                                                         Dated: 06/03/2021




       December 2009                279
