LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2

MD140 - BLETCHLEY TO BEDFORD ST JOHNS (INCLUSIVE)
RIDGMONT

Before the Signaller at Marston Vale S.C.C. authorises a movement that may proceed on the
Up Main line to Ridgmont for a reversal movement to the Down Main line via signal MV.105, then the Signaller will first
ensure that the following actions are carried out.
The Signaller will maintain signal MV.18 (signal in rear of MV.105 signal) on the Up Main line at Danger and when the
Driver makes contacts from the signal post telephone, the Signaller will inform him/her that signal MV.105 is ground
mounted and positioned in the six foot.
                                                                                                        Dated: 07/10/06

MD140 - BLETCHLEY TO BEDFORD ST JOHNS (INCLUSIVE)
Kempston Hardwick LC (AHBC-X)

A plunger is provided in a sealed cabinet adjacent to signal MV.31 on the Down platform which is opened by a number 1
key. In the event of a failure of a train in the Down platform, which has been standing for a period of time, the Driver or
Conductor must operate the plunger when requested to do so by the Signaller at Marston Vale SCC.
                                                                                                        Dated: 07/10/06

MD145 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JUNCTION TO CAMDEN JUNCTION
PRIMROSE HILL (closed), site of

Drivers of dual-electric trains on the Down Primrose Hill line should not commence traction changeover from AC to DC
until signal WM801 has been cleared for the DC Electric lines, or until instructed otherwise by the signaller.
                                                                                                        Dated: 28/06/14

MD166 - NORTH POLE JUNCTION TO WEMBLEY
Willesden Euro Terminal

Shunting in and out of the Terminal. Set back white lights, normally out, are provided adjacent to the Up & Down South
West, Up & Down South West Goods and Up West London lines, to assist Drivers of movements being propelled into the
Terminal. SLU boards are also provided on these lines.
When the appropriate white lights are illuminated, the Driver may commence the setting back movement into the terminal,
or onto the Depot line or the Reception line. The speed of the propelling movement must not exceed 5 mph.
Should the nearest white light facing the Driver not be illuminated, or become extinguished, the Driver must immediately
bring the movement to a stand and await further instructions.
Locomotive Stop and Await Instructions’ boards are provided at the entrance to each berthing line and the Driver must
bring the train to a stand when the locomotive reaches this board.
                                                                                                        Dated: 13/06/20




December 2009                                              256
