                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
Wolverhampton Steel Terminal

General: Wolverhampton Steel Terminal (also known as Wolverhampton Logistics Centre) is located adjacent to the Up
Stour Line to the South of Wolverhampton Station. Access to the Reception Line is from Monmore Green Jn with a trailing
direction from Wolverhampton and a facing direction from Birmingham.
Person in Charge (PIC): The PIC is responsible for all train movements within the Terminal Sidings.
All points within the Wolverhampton Steel Terminal complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the
Wolverhampton Steel Terminal complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Arrivals:
The Wolverhampton Workstation Signaller must obtain permission from the PIC to accept a train before signalling the
movement into the Reception Line. Prior to acceptance the PIC must ensure that No.1 hand point are set correctly and the
Reception Line is clear.
A ‘Stop & Await Instruction Board’ is provided at the handpoint entrance to the Terminal and allows a total train length of
60 SLU to arrive in clear of Signal BW8266. A train of this length must be formed with 1 locomotive at each end of the
train. Upon arrival at the ‘Stop & Await Instruction Board’, the leading locomotive will be detached and stabled within the
Terminal Sidings under the control of the PIC. The PIC will liaise with the driver before authorising the driver to propel the
train into the Terminal. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the Terminal and ensure the train is secure.
A train formed with a single leading locomotive must not exceed 49 SLU to allow a run round to take place upon arrival.
Once a locomotive run round is complete, the PIC will liaise with the driver to draw the train towards Signal BW8266. The
PIC will reset the hand point in rear before authorising the driver to propel the train into the Terminal. The PIC shall split
the train into portions within the Terminal and ensure the train is secure.
Departures:
The PIC shall marshal the train within the Terminal and Reception Sidings before completing a brake test. When train
preparation duties have been completed a movement that is ready to depart from the terminal will proceed on the authority
of the PIC to signal BW8266. The PIC is to remind the driver to contact the Wolverhampton Workstation Signaller upon
arrival at the signal BW8266.
                                                                                                         Dated: 28/11/2020


MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
WOLVERHAMPTON
Shunting Movements

Drivers of trains requiring to shunt behind signal BW1273 on the Up Stour line (Crane Street Viaduct) or signal WS1300
on the Down Stour line (Wolverhampton North) must reach a clear understanding with the signaller at WMSC
Wolverhampton Workstation using GSM-R or telephone, concerning the movement advising the signaller if the train is
formed of more than three vehicles.

If the train is formed of more than three vehicles, the signaller must ensure that signal BW4274 on the Up Stour line, or
signal WS4301on the Down Stour line, is displaying a proceed aspect before setting a route for the shunt movement to
proceed behind ground position light signals BW1273 or WS1300.

                                                                                                            Dated: 30/05/15

MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
Tipton - Penkridge

When there is major disruption or planned engineering works requiring Trent Valley services to be diverted via the West
Midlands, there is a risk that this can cause excessive draw on the OLE: When this issue is likely to arise, driver will
receive the following message via GSMR:
‘To drivers of electric trains: Where possible, please ensure that no more than power notch 3 (or equivalent) is used
between Perry Barr or Tipton and Ricksercote neutral sections’.
This broadcast is for information only and does not require acknowledgement.
                                                                                                         Dated: 09/04/2022




December 2009                                                260
