                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
Primrose Hill Tunnels

Axle Counters
Emergency Communication. This instruction applies if a train is stopped in Primrose Hill tunnels between 1m 54ch (Fast
and Slow lines) and 2m 27ch (Fast lines) and 2m 30ch (Slow lines) by an incident. It defines the preferred method for the
Driver to arrange immediately with the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC to stop the passage of trains in the area of the
tunnels.
If a train is stopped by an incident that may have caused an adjacent line(s) to have become obstructed, the Driver must
immediately contact the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC ( using GSM-R where possible), using the appropriate
Emergency Call Procedure.
Provided that the relevant process (shown below) is immediately carried out in full, the Driver need not carry out
Emergency Protection.
The relevant provisions of the Rule Book, Module M1 are modified accordingly.
The Driver must use the Emergency Call Procedure to contact the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC. The Driver must
first state, ‘This is a Primrose Hill tunnel emergency call’ and advise the train headcode and describe very briefly, details of
the incident.
To ensure that the passage of all trains is stopped, the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC must immediately:-
•   Replace to Danger signals WM.113 (Down Fast line), WM.317 (Down Slow line), WM.114 (Up Fast line) and WM.318
    (Up Slow line).
•   Inform the Operations Controller, using the direct emergency telephone, by stating, ‘This is a Primrose Hill tunnel
    Emergency Call’.
•   Make sure the driver of each train has received the group call and is stopping their train, by stating:
‘This is the signaller at …… (signal box/panel position/workstation)’
‘The driver of …… (trains) must immediately stop their train(s)’
‘Please can the driver of …… (train) repeat the message back to me’ (repeating for each train).
•   Confirm to the Driver that the passage of trains has been stopped.
•   Obtain full details from the Driver.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/05/16




December 2009                                                244
