                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD736 – OXFORD NORTH JN (EXCL.) TO DENBIGH HALL SOUTH JN.
       Banbury Road Sidings

       General: Banbury Road Sidings is located adjacent to the Up Bletchley to the East of Oxford Parkway Station accessed
       by Water Eaton Junction. The Sidings comprises an Aggregate Discharge Siding, Run round Siding, Head Shunt and 1
       cripple siding accessible only via the West end of the site.
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Marylebone North Workstation Signaller at Marylebone IECC on telephone 0207 922 9541 and report to the signaller
       when their turn of duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
       Points within Banbury Road Sidings are either motorised or hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the Yard
       complex must ensure points are set in the correct position for the movement.
       The PIC must check that there are no Chiltern Railway Units still berthed in the Sidings before commencing operations.

       Arrivals:
       Aggregate trains destined for Banbury Road Sidings will normally arrive from the Oxford direction on the Down Bletchley
       and shall arrive at Oxford Parkway Station Platform 2 to be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a Radio to the
       train driver and must reach a clear understanding with the driver and signaller concerning the movements to access the
       Banbury Road Sidings. The train shall draw forward from Signal OB1767 into the Banbury Road Aggregate Siding inside
       clear of Signal OB1768.
       Aggregate trains destined for Banbury Road Sidings arriving from the Bicester direction and shall arrive on the Up
       Bletchley and shall arrive at Oxford Parkway Station Platform 1 to be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC shall hand a
       Radio to the train river and must reach a clear understanding with the driver and signaller concerning the movements to
       access Banbury Road Sidings. The Signaller shall clear Signal OB1766 to allow the train to draw forward. The PIC shall
       bring the rear of the train to a stand behind Signal OB9005 and confirm with the Signaller. The Signaller shall clear Signal
       OB9005 towards Banbury Road Sidings. The PIC shall ensure that Signal OB9005 is displaying a proceed shunt aspects
       before authorising the propel movement with the Driver into Banbury Road Aggregate Siding.
       Departures:
       Trains departing towards Oxford: The locomotive shall run round if required and the PIC shall complete a brake test prior
       to departure. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart. The Signaller shall clear Signal
       OB1768 upon scheduled departure.
       Trains departing towards the Bicester: The locomotive shall run round if required and the PIC shall complete a brake test
       prior to departure.
       The PIC shall reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning the propel movement onto the Down Bletchley or Up
       Bletchley. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart and obtain permission to clear Signal
       OB1768 and Signal OB9006 (Down Bletchley) or Signal OB1768 and Signal OB1766 (Up Bletchley). Providing no
       conflicting movements have been authorised the Signaller shall clear the required Signals. The PIC shall ensure the
       Signal OB1768 is displaying a proceed shunt aspect before authorising the propel movement with the Driver into Oxford
       Parkway Station. The PIC shall walk the train back using Platform 1 as a position of safety. The Driver shall bring the train
       to a stand behind Signal OB1767 on the Down Bletchley or Signal OB9005 on the Up Bletchley. The PIC shall confirm to
       the Signaller when the train has come to a stand at Signal OB1767 or OB9005. The PIC shall collect from the Driver and
       the Driver shall contact the Signaller to request the Signal is cleared to depart.
       Opposing Locking is omitted for Signal OB1768 & Signal OB5001. In both cases the two Signals can be cleared
       simultaneously to allow continuous shunting without contacting the Signaller. The PIC must contact the Signaller at
       Marylebone IECC to request this before conducting any movements and contact the Signaller once all moves are
       completed. The PIC must not operate 962 hand points with a train stood at OB5001.
       Stabling of trains in Banbury Road Sidings
       Between the hours of 22.00 and 06.00 Chiltern Railways are permitted to stable trains in Banbury Road Sidings.
                                                         Dated: 29/05/2021




       December 2009                289
