                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD140 - BLETCHLEY TO BEDFORD ST JOHNS (INCLUSIVE)
       Bletchley Hopper Siding

       General: Bletchley Hopper Siding is located adjacent to the Up Vale line at Bletchley Station. The siding contains a
       bottom discharge unit for aggregate material. The siding can be accessed at the South End through a trailing connection
       from the Up Slow at Bletchley South Jn and via the Vale Refuge Siding at the North End.
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Bletchley Workstation Signaller at Rugby SCC on telephone 03308542628. and report to the signaller when their turn of
       duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
       All points at the North End of the Bletchley Hopper Siding onto the Vale Refuge Siding are hand operated and the PIC of
       any movement within Bletchley Hopper Siding complex must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the
       movement.
       Arrivals:
       The PIC shall ensure all hand points are set correctly within the siding complex prior to the trains arrival.
       Aggregate trains destined for Bletchley Hopper Siding will normally arrive from the north and will arrive at either Bletchley
       Station on either the Up Slow (Platform 4) or Bletchley Relief No.2 (Platform 5) to be met by the PIC. Upon arrival the PIC
       shall hand a Radio to the train driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and Signaller concerning the
       movements to access the Bletchley Hopper Siding. The train shall then draw forward onto the Up Slow with the rear of the
       train arriving behind Signal TK1463 or Signal TK1461. The PIC shall confirm to the Signaller when the rear of the train is
       clear of Signal TK1463 or Signal TK1461 and shall advise the Signaller that the train is ready to propel into Bletchley
       Hopper Siding. The PIC shall ensure that Signal TK1463 or Signal TK1461 is displaying a proceed aspect before
       authorising the propel movement with the Driver into Bletchley Hopper Siding.
       Upon arrival the Locomotive shall run round the train via the Vale Refuge Siding, Up Vale and Up Slow. The PIC shall
       confirm to the Signaller when the run round is complete
       Departures:
       Once train preparation duties have been completed, the PIC shall complete a brake test. The PIC shall authorise a propel
       movement and bring the rear of the train to a stand at Signal TK9848. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the
       train is ready to depart and obtain permission to clear Signal TK9848. Providing no conflicting movements have been
       authorised the Signaller shall clear Signal TK9848. The PIC shall authorise the propel movement with the Driver from
       Signal TK9848 onto the Up Slow until the locomotive has arrived behind Ground Position Signal TK1463. The PIC shall
       confirm to with the Signaller when the train has come to a stand at Ground Position Signal TK1463. The Signaller shall
       clear Signal TK1463 upon scheduled departure.
                                                         Dated: 10/04/2021




       December 2009                255B
