                                                           OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



LEVEL 1                                       LEVEL 2                             LEVEL 3
WRONG SIDE FAILURE                            RIGHT SIDE FAILURE NON-             RIGHT SIDE FAILURE RECOVERABLE
                                              RECOVERABLE
Driver continues journey and completes        Driver continues journey and        Driver continues journey and completes
written fault report at the end of the        completes written fault report      written fault report form at the end of the
journey or when relieved.                     form at the end of the journey      journey or when relieved.
Driver arranges for the completed form to     or when relieved.                   Driver arranges for the completed form to be
be sent to Network Rail Control.              Driver deals with completed         sent to Network Rail Control.
Network Rail Control follows up fault as      form as per TOC instructions.       Network Rail Control follow-up fault as
necessary with the NR Infrastructure          TOC follows up fault as             necessary with the NR Infrastructure
Controller.                                   necessary.                          Controller and, if fault persists, issues a
                                                                                  suitable notice to TOC’s.

9.       Speed restrictions
(a)Temporary Speed Restrictions
When a Temporary Speed Restriction (TSR) is imposed, the ATP track equipment will be adjusted so as to provide full
supervision of speed to accord with the restriction. This adjustment will be made at the same time as the other requirements
of Rule Book, Module SP, Section 3, are introduced.
(b)Emergency Speed Restrictions
Until such time as the Signaller concerned has been advised that this adjustment has taken place, the Signaller MUST, in
addition to carrying out the provisions of Rule Book, Module SP, Section 4, stop and advise Drivers of all ATP fitted
trains that ATP will not provide advice for the Emergency Speed Restriction.
This adjustment to the equipment will be as follows:
The Signal Technician will immediately arrange to adjust the ATP track equipment which involves inserting an ESR ‘plug’ so
that all ATP-fitted trains approaching the restriction will receive an immediately recoverable emergency brake application,
together with an indication of ‘Esr’ in the main cab display window. In these circumstances the target speed will be
extinguished until the train has passed beyond the affected area. Supervision will however be maintained in respect of signal
aspects, TSR’s, PSR’s etc.
Signal Technicians must advise the Signaller concerned immediately the above first-phase adjustment has been completed.
Until such time as the Signaller concerned has been advised that this adjustment has taken place, the Signaller MUST, in
addition to carrying out the provisions of the Rule Book, Module SP, Section 4, stop and advise the Drivers of all
ATP fitted trains that ATP will not provide advice for the Emergency Speed Restriction.
If the Emergency Speed Restriction is likely to continue for more than a few hours, the appropriate NR Infrastructure
Controller must arrange production of TSR type ‘speed plugs’ which will provide the necessary speed supervision in respect
of the ESR.
This second-phase adjustment to the ATP equipment must be carried out as quickly as possible. The Signaller need not be
advised when this is done.
10.      Work affecting track equipment
ATP track equipment is susceptible to damage if treated roughly. All staff either working or walking on or near the line must
take care not to displace, damage or otherwise interfere with ATP equipment.
Instructions issued separately to Contractors must be adhered to in respect of planning and carrying out engineering
operations.
In the event of track equipment being taken out of use or being unavailable, Drivers will be advised either by means of the
Weekly Operating Notice or by other suitable written Notice.
                                                                                   LNW South Route GI - Dated: 30/03/19

Lockouts - person responsible
General:
Lockout systems are provided for the protection of individuals or groups working or walking on the line.
The person taking a lockout is responsible for ensuring that all staff, including members of any other working group, is clear
of the running line before cancelling the lockout. The key (where applicable) must not be handed to another person.
Should it be necessary to transfer responsibility for the lockout to another person, all staff must be clear of the running lines,
the lockout must be cancelled and another lockout taken by the ‘new’ person.
Area specific:
Lockouts under the operational control of Rugby SCC and Wembley Mainline SCC may only be used in conjunction with Rule
Book Module TS1.
When detailing the General Arrangements of a line blockage and Lockouts are chosen for protection, the signaller and
PC/COSS/IWA are authorised to add this method of protection to the line blockage form NR3180.
                                                                                    LNW South Route GI - Dated: 30/03/19




December 2009                                                  30
