                                                           OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


MD306 - BIRMINGHAM NEW STREET TO ASHCHURCH (EXCL.) (VIA
DUNHAMPSTEAD)
BROMSGROVE

Assisting locomotive in rear between Bromsgrove and Blackwell
The head code of the assisting locomotive will be 0B00 for all movements including the period of time it is assisting a train
in the rear on the Lickey Incline.
Up trains requiring assistance must normally be brought to a stand at signal BA7612 on the Up Bromsgrove Loop
(Platform 1) or (by exception) signal BA3614 on the Up Gloucester line (Platform 2) to enable the assisting locomotive to
proceed onto the rear of the train. Signals BA7612 or BA3614 will be maintained at danger and reminder appliances
applied to the appropriate signal.
The Driver of the assisting locomotive and the Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation must reach a clear
understanding as to whether the assisting locomotive will return to Bromsgrove or continue to Saltley after a train has
been assisted up the Lickey Incline.
Once the assisting locomotive has dropped onto the rear of the train, the Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation
must not authorise any movement in or out of the Bromsgrove Tamper Siding until the Driver of the assisting locomotive
has confirmed the locomotive is on rear of the train and ready to assist the train.
When the assisting locomotive is on the rear of the train the Driver must contact the Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove
Workstation via the GSM-R Radio and confirm the assisting locomotive is on rear of the train and is ready to commence
assisting the train.
The Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation will repeat the message back to the Driver of the assisting locomotive
and give an indication of the time before the movement of the train can commence if this is likely to be a prolonged period
of time.
The Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation must contact the Driver of the train requiring assistance and confirm the
assisting locomotive is on the rear of the train and ready to provide assistance and to wait for the signal, giving an
indication of the time before the movement can commence if this is likely to be a prolonged period of time.
Before clearing signal BA7612 or BA3614 for the train being assisted to commence the movement up the Lickey Incline
the Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation must ensure there is no risk of bringing the train to a stand on the Lickey
Incline and the route must be cleared for the movement to proceed as far as signal BA3598 at Blackwell.
When the Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation has cleared signal BA7612 or BA3614 for the movement to
commence the associated OFF Indicators will illuminate to inform the Driver of the assisting locomotive that the signal is
displaying a proceed aspect.
Blocking Of Adjacent Lines
If the Driver of the assisting locomotive has to work or walk on the outside of the train and requires the adjacent running
line to be blocked, the Driver of the assisting locomotive must contact the Signaller at WMSC Bromsgrove Workstation
and request the adjacent running line to be blocked to traffic in accordance with Rule Book Module TW1 Section 46.
Assisting Locomotive Leaving The Train At Blackwell
If the assisting locomotive is to return to Bromsgrove it must be brought to a stand at Blackwell on the Barnt Green side of
ground position light signal BA1613.
If the assisting locomotive is returning to Saltley the Driver must follow the train at a safe distance and bring the locomotive
to a stand at signal BA3598 at Blackwell and in accordance with Rule Book Module TW1 Section 15.2 not pass signal
BA3598 until it has returned to danger and cleared again.
Certain Locomotives (66055 – 66059) are fitted with special cab equipment which automatically disengages the central
auto-couplers. Should this equipment fail to operate correctly, the assisting locomotive must continue attached to the rear
of the train concerned. The Driver of the assisting locomotive must immediately contact the Signaller at WMSC Kings
Norton Workstation via GSM-R, explain the circumstances and act on the instructions received. No further attempt must
be made to operate the automatic uncoupling equipment.
In addition to the Driver of the assisting locomotive contacting the Signaller at WMSC Kings Norton Workstation to advise
the assisting locomotive has failed to detach, the Signaller will receive an automatic alarm which states: BANKING
LOCOMOTIVE FAILED TO DETACH. The Signaller at WMSC Kings Norton Workstation must route the train to the Kings
Norton Arrival & Departure line where the assisting locomotive can be detached.
The Drivers of the assisting locomotive and the train locomotive must then come to a clear understanding regarding the
detaching of the assisting locomotive. When the assisting locomotive has been detached the Driver of the assisting
locomotive must advise the Signaller at WMSC Kings Norton Workstation accordingly. If the Kings Norton Arrival &
Departure line is not available for the purpose of detaching the assisting locomotive, then the train must be routed to
Washwood Heath Up Yard where the assisting locomotive will be detached.
                                                                                                          Dated: 21/10/2017


December 2009                                                260A
