                                   OFFICIAL
       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




       Signal reminder board
       The following sign consists of a black exclamation mark on a white background within a red triangle and may be provided
       on the approach to signals at certain locations on London North Western Route (South). The supplementary information
       sign consists of black letters on a white background. The purpose of the sign is to remind Drivers of the presence of a
       signal ahead in an effort to reduce the incidence of signals being passed at Danger at the location concerned.




       The locations of these boards will be published in Section ‘C’ of the Weekly Operating Notice as and when they are
       erected.
                                             LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06


       Special instructions for the working of steam
       locomotives
       1.The conditions of the appropriate Train Operating Company’s (T.O.C.) instructions for the working of steam
         locomotives must be strictly applied.
       2.Speeds for each movement will be published in the Special Traffic Notice, which will be subject to strict observance of
         all lower temporary, emergency, or permanent speed restrictions. The special train must not exceed the lower speed
         of any differential speed restriction.
       3.The train must not use crossovers situated between station platforms.
       4.Steam emissions must be kept to a minimum if brought to a stand under an overbridge.
       5.The Driver/Person in Charge of the locomotive must visually check the axle boxes on the locomotive and tender for
         any signs of overheating during the journey.
       6.The conditions of Railway Group Standard GO/RT3440 “Steam Locomotive Operation” must be adhered to.
       7.A competent person nominated by the Electrification Engineer or trained to a standard approved by the Electrification
         Engineer, must be provided by the T.O.C. and be present on the footplate whilst the locomotive is running under
         Overhead Line Equipment. They must keep a special watch on the overhead line equipment and advise the Driver of
         any OLE features which they consider the Driver needs to be aware of. They must make contact with the relevant
         Electrical Control Room before entering and on leaving an electrified section, and in the event of an emergency, and
         must also notify the appropriate Electrical Control Room of how they can be contacted in an emergency.
       8.The use of long fire irons is prohibited whilst the locomotive is running under Overhead Line Equipment.
       9.The locomotive must not be watered on any line equipped with O.L.E. unless it is fitted with a ‘bottom feed’, for the
         water supply.
                                             LNW South Route GI - Dated: 03/12/11




       December 2009                 40
