LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



6.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the
     first portion of the train has been unloaded and obtain the Signallers authority to shunt the first portion of the train from
     Reservoir Siding 2 to Reservoir Siding No1
7.   When the first portion of the train is inside clear on Reservoir Sidings No1 the DB Cargo Member Of ground Staff will
     secure the train and detach the Locomotive
8.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation and obtain
     the Signallers authority to shunt the Locomotive from Reservoir Siding 1 to the Down Banbury Goods Loop to attach
     to the second portion of the train
9.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the
     second portion of the train is ready to shunt from the Down Banbury Goods Loop to Reservoir Siding 2.
10. Proving no conflicting movements have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings complex the Signaller at WMSC
    Cherwell Valley Workstation shall clear the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 towards the Reservoir
    Neck
11. The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must confirm to the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when
    the first portion of the train is inside clear on Reservoir Siding No 2 and that no further movement will be made until
    the first portion of the train has been unloaded
Aggregate Trains: - Reservoir Sidings No 1 & 2 Departures
1.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the
     second portion of the train has been unloaded and is ready to shunt from Reservoir Siding No2 to the Down Banbury
     Goods Loop and obtain the authority of the Signaller to commence the movement.
2.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must ensure OL1142 Ground Position Light Signal Reservoir Neck is
     displaying a proceed aspect before authorising the propelling movement from the Reservoir Neck to the Down
     Banbury Goods Loop.
3.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must secure the portion of train on the Down Banbury Goods Loop and
     detach the Locomotive.
4.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation when the
     Locomotive is ready to shunt from the Down Banbury Goods Loop to Reservoir Siding 1.
5.   Proving no conflicting movements have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings complex the Signaller at WMSC
     Cherwell Valley Workstation shall clear the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 towards the Reservoir
     Neck
6.   The DB Cargo Member of Ground Staff must confirm when the Locomotive is inside clear on reservoir Siding 1
7.   The DB Cargo Member Of Staff must attached the locomotive to the portion of train on Reservoir Siding 1
8.   The DB Cargo Member Of Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation and obtain
     the Signallers authority to shunt the portion of train from Reservoir Siding 1 to the Down Banbury Goods Loop to
     attach to the portion of the train secured on the Down Banbury Goods Loop
9.   When the two portions of the train have been coupled and a brake test has been completed the DB Cargo Member of
     Ground Staff must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation and advise the Signaller that the train
     is ready to depart.
No other movements must be authorised within the Reservoir Sidings Complex when any movement of the Aggregate
Train has been authorised
On Track Machines
On Track Machines (Tampers / Stone Blowers) are authorised to stable on Reservoir Sidings 3 or 4.
No movement must be made to or from Reservoir Siding 3 & 4 without the authority of the WMSC Cherwell Valley
Signaller.
Reservoir Sidings No 3 & 4:- Arrivals
1.   Before clearing the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 Down Banbury Goods Loop towards the
     Reservoir Neck for an On Track Machine to stable in Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley
     Workstation must ensure no conflicting movement has been authorised within the Reservoir Siding Complex.
2.   The Person In Charge Of The On Track Machine must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation
     and confirm the On Track Machine is inside clear on Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 and no further movement will take place
     towards the Reservoir Neck.




December 2009                                                 265A
