                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



       MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
       BIRMINGHAM NEW STREET

       Working in the station. Drivers having brought their trains to a stand on Sidings No.1, No.2 or No.3 must obtain the
       permission of the Signaller at WMSC Birmingham New Street Workstation before any movement is made towards the
       outlet signal.
       The Driver or Train Manager of a north bound Driving Van Trailer (D.V.T.) operated train standing in Platform 5, 6 or 7 and
       marshalled with the locomotive at the rear, awaiting departure to the Down Stour line, must contact the Signaller at WMSC
       Birmingham New Street Workstation prior to departure and advise him/her of the train formation.
       Fire Alarm/Station Evacuation: In the event of the fire alarms sounding and the requirement to evacuate the station,
       Train Crew on trains which are unable to depart immediately, must leave their trains with power doors open, or central
       locking released and all train lighting left switched on. This is to facilitate passenger egress and assist the Fire Evacuation
       Wardens in carrying out their duties.
       To prevent unnecessary Fire Alarm activation, the Driver of any diesel unit, locomotive or High Speed Train Power
       Cars (which is not providing Electric Train Supply), which is booked to stand in the station for more than 15 minutes,
       must shut the engine(s) down until such time so as to enable a punctual departure.
       Shunting Requirements
       Shunting Movements can be made to behind the following signal
       WP9931 Signal Up Derby Line (down direction), Movement to Platform 7 to 12 available form this signal
       WP9145 Signal Up Coventry Line (down direction) Movements To Platform 1 to 7 available from this signal)
       BW4182 Up Stour New Street North Tunnel, Movements to Platform 1 to 12 available from this signal
       BB3506 Up Gloucester Line (emergency use only), Movements to Platform 5 to 12 available from this signal.
       Drivers of trains shunting to the Up & Down Monument Lane Loop must reach a clear understanding with the WMSC
       Birmingham New Street Signaller as to whether the movement is to proceed to BW9189 Fix Red Signal north end of the
       Up & Down Monument Lane Loop, or the rear Clear Marker Board located 280 metres (306 yards) from BW7186 Signal.
       Drivers of trains that have made a shunting movement to BW9189 Fix Red Signal north end of the Up & Down Monument
       Lane Loop MUST obtain the authority of the Birmingham New Street Signaller before making any movement towards
       BW7186 Exit Signal located at the south end of the Up & Down Monument Lane Loop.
       When undertaking shunting movements Units must always be driven from the leading cab
       Due to the unavailability of walking routes, shunting movements with two or more units with no through access MUST
       always be carried out with a Driver in each driving cab that becomes leading
       Method Of Train Dispatch
       Trains can be dispatched from any platform signal within Birmingham New Street Station.
       The Right Away indicator (RA) will only illuminate on the signal the train is being dispatched from, any other signal(s)
       within the platform beyond the signal the train is dispatched from is classed as running signal and will not display RA
       Indication.
       The Right Away Indicator will only illuminate on middle or inner platform signals when those signals are displaying a green
       aspect, the exception to this rule is when a route is set from BM6410 Inner Signal Platform 10A to the Up Coventry Line.
       If a train is being dispatched from a middle or inner platform signal the OFF indicator associated with the Train Dispatch
       Equipment Unit will only illuminate when the signal displays a green aspect the exception to this rule is when a route is set
       from BM6410 Inner Signal Platform 10A to the Up Coventry Line.
       If a train is dispatched from a platform starting signal the Right Away indicator will illuminate when the signal is displaying
       a proceed aspect.




       December 2009                258A
