LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
EUSTON

Starting of trains. Rule Book, Module SS1, Section 3.5
The Ready to Start signal must not be given by means of the bell/buzzer communication, it must be given for all trains by
means of the Right Away indicator.
Working into and out of the Passenger Platform Lines. When a locomotive is programmed to remain coupled for
supplying electric train heating current, the Responsible Person must make arrangements to have it uncoupled before the
train locomotive is attached. If the locomotive of an incoming train has to remain coupled to propel the coaches to the
HS2 Works Siding 2 (WS2), the Responsible Person must inform the Driver what is required. If the locomotive of an
incoming train is not required to propel the coaches from the platform, it must (after being detached from the train) remain
stationary at the buffer stops until the departing train has drawn clear of the platform starting signal. Any subsequent
movement of the locomotive must only be made after the permission of the Signaller has been obtained. The Driver of the
locomotive will be responsible for advising the Signaller when ready to move.
Uncoupling of train locomotives. Drivers of incoming trains, if programmed to leave locomotives coupled and
unmanned, must always leave the locomotive sufficiently eased up to slacken the coupling between the locomotive and
train when the type of locomotive allows this to be done without further movement to the train whilst passengers are
alighting.
Propelling movements. A member of the Euston shunting staff must be in charge of every propelling movement. Trains
propelled to the Up Carriage Sidings or onto the HS2 Works Siding 2 (WS2) must have the continuous brake connected
and be controlled by a Shunter riding in the leading vehicle. The Shunter in Charge of a propelling movement which has to
be maintained at a stand must secure the emergency brake handle in the ON position and make use of the tool specially
provided for this purpose when the stock is equipped with the vacuum brake.
Platforms to the HS2 Works Siding 2 or Up Carriage Sidings. When a train is propelled from the station to Works
Siding 2 or the Up Carriage Sidings, the locomotive must remain attached until the Shunter gives the Driver permission for
it to be detached. Before the Shunter does so he must put on and chain the hand brakes in at least two brakevans and
place at least four scotches under the wheels of the two vehicles nearest the station. The continuous brake must be
destroyed, and in the case of a vacuum braked train, the vacuum hosepipe at the station end of the train must not be
replaced on the dummy coupling when the locomotive is detached. He must also see that a red light is placed on the
vehicles at both ends of the train after sunset and during fog or falling snow.
After the train has been secured, it must not be moved again until the Shunter in Charge of the operation is satisfied that
the scotches have been taken from under the wheels and the hand brakes released.
After sunset and during fog or failing snow, a red light must be exhibited on the locomotive at the station end. A red light
must be exhibited on the leading vehicle of all trains backing out of platforms after sunset and during fog or failing snow.
When vehicles are worked on to HS2 Works Siding 2 the locomotive must remain attached until the Shunter gives the
Driver permission for it to be detached. Before the Shunter does so he must put on and chain the hand brakes in at least
two brakevans and place at least four scotches under the wheels of the two vehicles nearest the station. The continuous
brake must be destroyed and in the case of a vacuum braked train, the vacuum hose pipe removed from the dummy
coupling of the vehicle at the station end. He must also see that a red light is placed on the vehicle at both ends of the
train after sunset and during fog or falling snow.
After a train has been secured on Works Siding 2, it must not be moved again until the Shunter in Charge of the operation
is satisfied that the scotches have been taken from under the wheels and the hand brakes released.
After sunset and during fog or falling snow, trains from the Works Siding 2 to the station must have a red light on the front
end of the leading vehicle.
Working into and out of the Up Carriage Sidings at Euston. All electric multiple unit trains must be driven into the
sidings from the leading end.
Ordinary Coaching stock may be either propelled or hauled into these sidings as required. When a locomotive has been
put into the sidings to bring a train out, it must be at once coupled. Locomotive hauled trains and E.M.U.’s must not move
towards the exit signal until the Shunter has advised the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC that the train is ready, where
the coaches are for, and has obtained the necessary permission. Trains being propelled from the sidings by a locomotive
must have a shunter in the leading vehicle fitted with a brake valve and a route must be set up into the station before any
movement is made.
Working in the Middle Sidings. After working trains into the Middle Siding or Middle Sidings 1 and 2. Drivers of departing
locomotives must await instructions from the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC before moving towards the exit signal.
Drivers taking over locomotives or trains in the Middle Sidings must obtain permission to move, by telephone, from the
Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC.




December 2009                                                242
