                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD120 - CAMDEN JUNCTION TO WATFORD JUNCTION (DC LINES)
       STONEBRIDGE PARK

       In no circumstances must a T.O.C. train be allowed to run on to London Underground Limited (L.U.L.) lines at
       Stonebridge Park L.U.L. Depot.
       Detraining of passengers on infrastructure in the vicinity of Stonebridge Park. If a T.O.C or a L.U.L. train is disabled
       and is unable to be assisted and passengers are required to be de-trained, then they will be required to walk under escort
       to Stonebridge Park station. The Signaller at Wembley Mainline S.C.C. must ensure, before authorising the Person in
       Charge responsible for the de-trainment of passengers to commence, that the following conditions have been complied
       with:-
         • Network Rail, West Coast South Route, Rugby, Section 1 Control has given authority for the de-trainment of
           passengers.
         • L.U.L. Control/T.O.C. Control has been advised and a clear understanding has been reached.
         • Stonebridge Park Control Tower has been advised and a clear understanding has been reached.
         • All train movements are stopped on the Down and Up DC Electric lines.
         • All train movements are stopped on 21 and 22 roads at the L.U.L. depot at Stonebridge Park.
         • The Electrical Control Room Operator at Rugby has given the assurance that the DC current on both Down and
           Up DC Electric lines has been discharged for the area between Wembley Sub-station to Harlesden Sub-station.
         • The L.U.L. Baker Street Signalling Control Centre has given the assurance, via L.U.L. Metro Sub-station Control
           Room Officer, that the L.U.L. current supply at Stonebridge Park has been discharged.
         • A clear understanding must be reached with the Person in Charge of the de-trainment as to the route the
           passengers must use to reach Stonebridge Park station.
                                                         Dated: 16/05/2022

       MD120 - CAMDEN JUNCTION TO WATFORD JUNCTION (DC LINES)
       HARROW & WEALDSTONE

       A 'Train Ready to Start' plunger is provided at the exit from the Middle (Reversing) Siding for a Train Operating
       Company/London Underground Limited trains. Drivers of trains standing at signal WS.307 must press the plunger when
       the train is ready to depart.
            A ‘Train Ready to Start' plunger is provided on the Down platform and must be operated when an Up train is
       ready to depart from that platform.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06




       December 2009                254
