LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Washwood Heath Cemex Sidings
The Person in Charge of all movements in the sidings is the Designated Cemex Person in Charge (Sidings Supervisor)
referred hitherto as the Cemex P.I.C.
The site consists of the Down Washwood Heath East Sidings which allows access to four through sidings. No. 1 and No.2
Recess Lines are within a security compound, the Cemex Siding is the Discharge and Loading line with a discharge
hopper for the discharging of aggregate trains. No.4 Siding is the Engine line for stabling of locomotives. An overhead
gantry crane spans Nos.1,2 Recess Lines and Cemex Siding for the loading/unloading of sleeper trains. ‘Stop’ boards are
provided and all points are hand operated. A shunt locomotive operates within the sidings and is manned by Cemex staff
who are not qualified to operate on Network Rail infrastructure.
Arriving aggregate trains. Trains will be routed to WP8943 ‘STOP contact sidings Supervisor to proceed’ board located
420 metres from the Down Derby Goods line. The Driver must then telephone the Cemex P.I.C. on 07904 917485 and
obtain permission to pass WP8943 ‘Stop’ board. Before giving permission to proceed the Cemex P.I.C. must ensure that
the handpoints are set for the required route and that no other conflicting movements are taking place. The Cemex P.I.C.
will then give authority to the Driver to pass WP8943 ‘Stop’ board and draw forward to the ‘Stop Await Instructions’ board
which protects the discharge hopper. Permission to pass this board will be also be given by the Cemex P.I.C.
Discharge of aggregate trains. On arrival at the ‘Stop’ board protecting the discharge hopper the Cemex P.I.C. will hand
a radio handset to the Driver and a satisfactory radio transmission test must then be carried out before any movement
takes place. The Cemex P.I.C. will then authorise the Driver to pass the ‘Stop’ board and position the leading wagon over
the Discharge Hopper. Discharge will be one vehicle at a time and all movements will be controlled by radio. The local
radio call signs will be ‘Cemex Shunter to Train headcode’ and vice versa. Strict radio discipline must be maintained at all
times.
When the train arrives at the ‘Stop’ board protecting the loading crane, the Driver must bring the train to a stand and
contact the Cemex P.I.C. who must ensure that crane movements are suspended before authorising the Driver to pass the
‘Stop’ board.
When the unloading of the aggregate train has been completed, the Cemex P.I.C. must advise the Driver of the train
accordingly. The Driver must return the radio handset to the Cemex P.I.C.
Arriving sleeper trains. Trains will be routed to WP8943 ‘Stop contact sidings Supervisor to proceed’ board located
420 metres from the Down Derby Goods line. The Driver must then telephone the Cemex P.I.C. on 07904 917 485 and
obtain permission to pass WP8943 ‘Stop’ board. Before giving permission the Cemex P.I.C. must ensure that the
handpoints are set for the required route and that no other conflicting movements are taking place. The Cemex P.I.C. will
then give authority to pass WP8943 ‘Stop’ board and advise the Driver which siding the route is set for. If the train is
required on Cemex Siding then the Cemex P.I.C. will authorise the Driver to pass WP8943 ‘Stop’ board, which protects
the discharge hopper, and instruct the Driver to draw the train to the ‘Stop and contact siding Supervisor’ board protecting
the loading/unloading pad.
Loading and unloading sleeper trains. Once the train arrives in the siding the Cemex P.I.C. will advise the Driver if he is
to assist in loading operations, or detach and release the train engine and use the shunt locomotive to position wagons for
loading. One sleeper wagon is loaded at a time and the Cemex P.I.C. will be responsible for ensuring they are set
according to Cemex requirements.
Should it be necessary to proceed beyond WP8933, WP8935, WP8937, ‘Stop and Telephone' boards at either end of the
sidings, the Driver must contact the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Station and obtain permission to pass the
appropriate ‘Stop and Telephone’ board. The movement is authorised to proceed to the ‘limit of Cemex movement’ board
only. The Driver must ensure that the movement returns within the ‘Stop and Telephone’ board and advise the Signaller
at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Staiton accordingly.
Departing of aggregate and sleeper trains. When loading/unloading has been completed the Cemex P.I.C. will advise
the Driver accordingly. When train preparation duties have been completed the Driver will contact the Signaller at WMSC
Washwood Heath Work Station for permission to pass the ‘Stop and Telephone’ board. The Driver must reach a clear
understanding with the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Station that the movement is leaving the site and state
their destination and train headcode.
All departing trains are subject to load examination by suitably qualified staff before departure.
Additional movements. In the event that a movement is unable to proceed beyond WP8943 ‘Stop and Obtain Permission
to Proceed’ board on the Down Washwood Heath East Siding then the Driver must advise the Signaller at WMSC
Washwood Heath Work Station. In these circumstances if a movement is required to enter the sidings from the Washwood
Heath West Junction end of the sidings, the Signaller at WMSC Washwood Heath Work Station will obtain the
permission of the Cemex P.I.C. before authorising the movement to proceed. This instruction is applicable to movements
working with a locomotive at each end of the train, light locomotives or trains which are equipped with a platform and
brake valve to control the propelling movement.




December 2009                                                278
