                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD545 - KINGSBURY JUNCTION TO WHITACRE JUNCTION
Kingsbury Jn To Whitacre Jn
Between Kingsbury Junction and Water Orton
Trains diverted via Whitacre West Junction. Down and Up trains booked to travel direct, may be diverted via Whitacre
West Junction without previous warning. Drivers so routed need not observe the requirements of Rule Book, Module S7,
Section 1.2.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13

MD555 - NUNEATON NORTH JN TO WATER ORTON EAST JN
Daw Mill Colliery
General: Daw Mill Colliery is located off two Reception/Departure 1 & 2 Lines adjacent to the Up Arley near Whitacre East
Junction.
Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Water Orton Workstation Signaller at West Midlands SCC on telephone 0121 5762010. and report to the signaller when
their turn of duty is completed.
All points within the Daw Mill Colliery Sidings are hand operated and the PIC of any movement within the Siding complex
must ensure hand points are set in the correct position for the movement.
Arrivals:
Trains destined for Daw Mill Colliery will arrive on the Reception/Departure 1 & 2 Lines. Trains that arrive from the
Nuneaton direction must be formed with a locomotive at both ends of the train and will arrive behind Ground Position
Signal NW1274 at Daw Mill West Jn on the Down Arley Line before proceeding onto the Reception/Departure 1 & 2 Lines.
Upon arrival at the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board NW8268 or NW8270 respectively the PIC will hand a Radio to the train driver
and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver and the Water Orton Workstation Signaller concerning the
movements to access Daw Mill Colliery. The locomotive may be required to run round the train under the control of the
PIC in liaison with the Signaller.
The PIC will liaise with the driver before authorising the driver to proceed or propel the train into the Colliery Sidings. The
PIC shall complete the movement and shall contact the Water Orton Workstation Signaller to confirm the train is in clear of
‘Stop & Telephone’ board NW8277 and normalise the hand points. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the
Colliery Sidings and ensure the train is secure
Departures:
Departing trains towards Water Orton: The PIC shall marshal the train within the Colliery Sidings and complete a brake
test. The PIC will contact Water Orton Workstation Signaller to obtain permission for a movement to pass ‘Stop &
Telephone’ board NW8277 onto the Reception/Departure Lines 1 or 2 and proceed the train towards exit signals NW8267
or NW8269 respectively ready for departure.
Departing trains towards Nuneaton: The PIC shall marshal the train within the Colliery Sidings and complete a brake test.
The PIC will contact Water Orton Workstation Signaller for permission to propel the train past ‘Stop & Telephone’ board
NW8277 onto the Reception/Departure Lines 1 or 2 and bring the train to a stand behind ‘Stop & Telephone’ board
NW8268 or NW8270 respectively. The PIC shall contact Water Orton Workstation Signaller to obtain permission for the
train to draw up to Signal NW8266 ready for departure.
                                                                                                            Dated: 11/07/20




December 2009                                               280A
