                                                          OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




Lines equipped with automatic train protection (ATP)
1.       Scope
The following routes are equipped with the SEL ATP system:
         Marylebone to Aynho Junction (inclusive) (to signals NA4763 and NA9769 in the Down direction and from signals
         OL3094 and OL9090 in the Up direction).
         Neasden South Junction to Harrow-on-the-Hill
         Amersham to Aylesbury Vale Parkway (including siding and depot exit signals).
         Princes Risborough to Aylesbury.
         Bicester South West Chord lines (signals ME210 and ME212 only).
ATP trainborne equipment is fitted to Class 165 / 168 / 172 trains operated by Chiltern Railways Ltd.

2.       General
ATP is a supplementary safety feature which, providing it is available, must be used by Drivers trained in its use.
ATP-fitted trains must not enter service (loaded or empty) with ATP inoperative. Should ATP become inoperative on an
ATP-fitted train while conveying passengers, the train must be taken out of service in accordance with Chiltern Railways
Ltd procedure for withdrawing trains from service in compliance with Rail Industry Standard RIS-3447-TOM Defective On-
Train Equipment.
All Rules, Regulations and other Instructions continue to apply in the same way as for lines not fitted with ATP equipment
but additional Instructions (as shown herein) apply in respect of Temporary and Emergency Speed Restrictions.
Note : Partial ATP supervision is provided for any train on which the ATP equipment has been set up irrespective of
whether the line is ATP fitted.

3.     Description of the System
ATP consists of two elements:-
Track equipment - fitted to the lines described above - which updates the trainborne equipment with information
regarding the line conditions ahead. It consists of beacons and loops of varying lengths, positioned in the four-foot of the
line to which they apply, on the approach to fixed signals, permissible speed changes and (in some cases) buffer stops.
and
Trainborne equipment - fitted to the trains described above - through which the Driver, providing the train’s
characteristics have been correctly input, receives information relating to the maximum permitted speed of the train.

4.       Principles of Operation
ATP has the following modes of operation which have the following meaning:
. Full Supervision by ATP is obtained on ATP fitted lines where the on-train equipment measures the actual speed of the
train and compares this to a target speed. A target speed is calculated by the on-train computer based on maximum
permitted line speed, the condition of the line ahead as indicated by fixed signals, buffer stops, any Temporary Speed
Restriction imposed, together with the maximum permitted speed of the train.
Where necessary, ATP will provide a warning to Drivers of the need to reduce their speed. If the train speed is not
reduced sufficiently, ATP will intervene and brake the train to match the target speed.
Where track equipment is not available, or unable to update the target information, the trainborne ATP will operate in
Partial Supervision Mode, supervising to the maximum train speed only.
If it is necessary for a train to pass a signal at Danger or to undertake shunting movements or make an unsignalled wrong
direction movement, the Driver must select either ‘PSS’ (Pass Stop Signal) or ‘Shunting’ mode as appropriate.
Where it is necessary to pass two or more consecutive signals at danger, the Driver must carry out a Temporary Isolation
of the equipment. The equipment must be switched on again whilst the train is stationary at the last signal affected.

Where an Emergency Speed Restriction (ESR) is imposed, full supervision will not be immediately available until the track
equipment has been re-programmed to accommodate the Speed Restriction. During this period the ATP will not supervise
or impose for the lower line-speed of the restriction.
ATP acts on the information received at the previous beacon or loop. Should the signal aspect change after the train has
passed over the last loop or beacon, the display in the main window will not be updated.
ATP acts as an additional safety aid to Drivers and does NOT relieve them of their general responsibility laid
down in the Rule Book to observe fixed and hand signals, and regulate their speed accordingly.




December 2009                                                 28
