                                   OFFICIAL
       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




       Rule Book Module TS1 - General signalling regulations
       Section 13, Clause 13.2 – IWA, COSS/SWL or PC blocking a line
       Section 13.2.4 – TCOD


       Handbook 8 – IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line
       Section 2.4 – Using a track circuit operating device
       The use of track circuit operating devices (T-COD) is authorised between the locations listed in the following table, subject
       to the location specific restrictions shown in the table and the general restrictions shown below:-
       1.  T-COD’s must NOT be used where:
         permissive working applies, (as indicated by the ‘remarks’ PP, PP-A, PP-E and PF in Table A of this publication),
         axle counters are in use,
         check rails are present,
         guard rails are present,
         leafguards are present,
         track circuits in sidings are present,
         the Signaller considers that there is a risk of becoming route locked.
         where it will trigger a level crossing annunciator
         where it will cause an OD crossing to operate
         where there are single rail track circuits on third rail DC lines (identified by a yellow plastic cover on the underside of
           the rail)
       2.In some cases the table shows the location at which use of T-COD is authorised as commencing at a signal that
         cannot be replaced to danger. It must be understood that the signal limits shown in the table refer solely to the
         application of the T-COD and not to signals from which protection under Rule Book protection procedure TS1
         Regulation 13 can be obtained. A suitable signal in rear must be used for protection purposes.
       3.Signallers should note that certain track circuits are equipped with time releases. When agreeing the time at which the
         T-COD must be removed from the line, sufficient time must be allowed for any release to operate.
       4.Where a Train Operated Warning System (TOWS) is fitted it must be disabled before T-COD can be used. (Note that
         the location of TOWS sites are shown in Table A diagram of this publication using the abbreviation ‘FWS’ – fixed
         warning system.)
       5.T-COD’s must be applied either on the approach to the worksite or within the first signal section of the worksite itself.
         The presence of converging routes must be considered when planning protection by T-COD.
       6.When installing a Remote Controlled T-COD, the signaller must be consulted first.
          a)   Routes and Locations on which TCOD can be used
                                                    c)  Remarks
                        b)                    d)  (including any location specific
                                               restrictions in addition to the general
                                               restrictions shown in the Rule Book)

       MD105 Hanslope Junction to Rugby (via Northampton)
       Down Northampton Fast ahead of RY.1039 Northampton North Junction
       (excl) to in rear of RY.1047 Mill Lane Jn
       Up Northampton Fast ahead of RY.1052 Mill Lane Jn to in rear of
       RY.1036 Northampton North Jn. (excl)
       .




       December 2009                 11
