LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




RAILWAY CRIME
All railway staff must be vigilant to railway crime and cable theft, and report any suspicious activity on the operational
railway, or in the area of electrical substations, to the controlling signaller.
Some examples of suspicious activity could be:
     •     Anyone not wearing appropriate PPE, or that do not appear to have a safe system of work.
     •     Anyone not responding to a train drivers warning, or appearing to hide as trains or people approach.
     •     Vehicles that do not have any company markings or logos
     •     Signalling location cabinets with doors open or missing, or troughing lids newly disturbed, with no staff nearby.
     •     People ‘loitering’ in the area of electrical substations.
In such cases, please inform the controlling signaller as quickly as possible giving precise location details. Drivers do not
need to stop their trains immediately to report this, unless they consider it a safety of the line issue.
                                                                                           National GI - Dated: 30/08/2014


Sandite application and rail conditioning trains
1.   Types of rail conditioning trains
         1.1 The Railhead Treatment Train (RHTT) consists of converted and specially-adapted wagons hauled by a
             locomotive at each end
         1.2 The Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) consists of a specially-built unit with driving cabs at each end.
         1.3 Where a DMU is used this consists of a specially modified class 117 or 121.
         1.4 All types of train carry out conditioning of the railhead during autumn by a combination of water jetting and the
             application of sandite traction gel.
2.   Speed
         2.1 The maximum speed of trains when water jetting and applying sandite is 40mph, except for the West Coast
             South route where the permitted speed is 60mph when water jetting only.
3.   Notices
         3.1 Notices will be produced detailing the locations where sanditing and water jetting will take place.
         3.2 Operations Control must advise signallers of any deviation from the railhead treatment plan which may be
             agreed to cater for exceptional circumstances or to treat a problem location not normally treated.
         3.3 Signallers must pass details of changes to the booked plan to the train if instructed to do so by Operations
             Control.
4.   Signalling arrangements
         4.1 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Jxx when operating water
             jetting-only diagrams.
         4.2 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Sxx when operating
             diagrams that apply sandite.
         4.3 Where train describers are not in use the rail conditioning train will be described by special bell signal or
             special Is Line Clear signal 3-4-2.
         4.4 All types of rail conditioning trains may be relied upon to operate track circuits whether applying sandite or not.
             When applying sandite, signallers must specially observe the passage of the train and the next train to follow
             over track circuits, where provided.
         4.5 Signallers must deal with any failure by the train to operate a track circuit correctly by immediately applying
             Rule Book Module TS11, Section 14 and advising Operations Control of the failure. Rule Book Module TS1,
             Regulation 12 must be applied to all subsequent trains over the affected portion of line until at least 2 trains
             have operated the track circuit normally.
                                                                                             National GI - Dated: 07/12/13




December 2009                                                     39
