LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD120 - CAMDEN JUNCTION TO WATFORD JUNCTION (DC LINES)
KILBURN HIGH ROAD

Reversal of trains
When requested by London Underground (L.U.L.) Baker Street Control to reverse a train at Kilburn High Road on the Up
D.C Electric line due to service disruption or any other reason, the Signaller at Wembley Mainline S.C.C. will, before
authorising the particular train to approach platform 1 at Queens Park, confirm with L.U.L. Baker Street Control that a
Competent Person will be on site to join the particular train at Queens Park. The Signaller at Wembley Mainline S.C.C. will
then authorise the particular train to proceed to signal WS.7 for a reversal movement. The Competent Person must advise
the train operator when signal WS.7 is cleared. If a second person is not immediately available, then the Signaller at
Wembley Mainline S.C.C. will advise the L.U.L. Baker Street Control to despatch any such train into Queens Park for a
reversal movement

                                                                                                        Dated: 28/06/14

MD120 - CAMDEN JUNCTION TO WATFORD JUNCTION (DC LINES)
QUEEN’S PARK

QUEEN’S PARK
In no circumstances must a T.O.C. train be allowed to run on to London Underground Limited (L.U.L.) lines.
Detraining of passengers onto infrastructure in the vicinity of Queen’s Park. If a T.O.C. or a L.U.L. train is disabled
and is unable to be assisted and passengers are required to be de-trained, then they will be required to walk under escort
to Queen’s Park station. The Signaller at Wembley Mainline S.C.C. must ensure, before authorising the Person in Charge
responsible for the de-trainment of passengers to commence, that the following conditions have been complied with:-
•   Network Rail Control Birmingham has given authority for the de-trainment of passengers.
•   L.U.L. Control/T.O.C. Control has been advised and a clear understanding has been reached.
•   All train movements are stopped on the Down and Up DC Electric lines.
•   The Electrical Control Room Operator at Rugby has given the assurance that the DC current on both Down and Up DC
    Electric lines has been discharged for the area between Willesden Sub-station to Queen’s Park Sub-station.
•   Metro Sub-station Control Room Officer has given the assurance, via L.U.L. Signalling Control Centre Baker Street,
    that the L.U.L. current supply at Queen’s Park has been discharged.
•   A clear understanding must be reached with the Person in Charge of the de-trainment as to the route the passengers
    must use to reach Queen’s Park station.
                                                                                                        Dated: 28/06/14




December 2009                                              253
