                                                              OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD310 - BARNT GREEN JUNCTION TO REDDITCH
Barnt Green Single Line Junction To REDDITCH

Method Of Working The Redditch Branch During Failure Situations

Description
The Redditch Branch consists of the following:
    • Single Line between Barnt Green Single Line Junction and Alvechurch Station Junction operated under track
       circuit block regulations
    •    A dynamic passing loop between Alvechurch Station Junction and Weights Lane Junction operated under Track
         Circuit Block Regulations
    •    Single Line between Weights Lane Junction and the Buffer Stop at Redditch operated as One Train Working
         Without A Train Staff under Track Circuit Block Regulations
Train Detection
Train detection between Barnt Green Junction and the 52 ¾ mp Bridge 5 (Graves Bridge) is by means of track circuits.
Train detection between the 52 ¾ mp Bridge 5 (Graves Bridge) and the buffer stop at Redditch is by means of Axle
Counters.
Reset / Restoration of a failed Axle Counter section
In the event of an in service failure of an axle counter section the Signaller shall attempt a reset of the failed axle counter
section in accordance with the Signallers Axle Counter Reset/Restoration process.
Following the successful resetting of a failed axle counter section the Signaller will advise the Driver of the first train of the
circumstances and request the Driver to examine the affected portion of line. The Signaller will instruct the Driver to pass
the protecting signal at danger as listed in the table below, provided all track/axle counter sections are indicating clear over
the single line section and a route is set from the protecting signal with the single line directional arrow displaying the
direction the train is to travel. Under these circumstances there is no requirement to introduce Working By Pilotman.
                                      Signal to be
            Location                   passed at                      Instructions from Signaller to Driver
                                        Danger
                                                         1.    Inform the Driver why the line is to be examined
 Barnt Green Single Line Jn to
                                     SY8                 2.    Reach a clear understanding as to which portion of line
 Weights Lane Jn
                                                               is to be examined.
                                                         3.    Inform the Driver that following a successful axle
 Weights Lane Jn to Redditch         BB7589                    counter reset all axle counter / track circuit sections are
                                                               indicating clear between the protecting and exit signals
                                                               on the portion of line being examined
 Redditch to Alvechurch Station      BB7588              4.    That a route is set between the protecting signal and
                                                               the exit signal on the portion of line being examined
                                                               and the single line directional arrow is displaying the
 Alvechurch Station to Barnt                                   correct direction of travel for the train.
 Green Single Line Jn                BB7584              5.    Instruct the Driver to pass the protecting signal at
                                                               danger.




December 2009                                                   261
