                                                           OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



Rule Book Module AC - Electrified lines
Section 14 - Instructions for examining the OLE
On receiving a report from a Driver of an ADD activation the requirements of this instruction should be complied with
provided all the following conditions apply:
    •   The train involved is a Virgin class 390 (Pendolino).
    •   No loss of OHL supply has occurred (no tripping).
    •   The pantograph in use at the time of the ADD activation has been lowered and the second pantograph
        has been raised, no loss of OHL supply occurred (no tripping).
The next train through the section on the affected line must be cautioned to examine the line at a speed not exceeding
20mph from point of ADD to the location where the previous train came to a stand. In this circumstance there is no
requirement to examine from an adjacent line.
Where primary means of supporting the OLE is by a headspan wire then the 20mph speed restriction must be applied on
all lines until the above examination procedure is carried out successfully on each line or is proved clear by alternative
means.
Provided the examination(s) report no issues and there is no further ADD activation or tripping occurrences, normal
working may resume.
The infrastructure maintenance OHL teams must be called to inspect/patrol as normal by the ECO.
                                                                                LNW South Route GI - Dated: 24/12/11

Rule Book Module G1 - General safety responsibilities
Section 5 - Communications procedure
LNW SOUTH ALL LINES
Using GSM-R berth triggered messages and non-verbal acknowledgement to caution Drivers
Signallers can set up automated messages to caution train drivers for:
        Poor railhead conditions.
        Animals on the line (but not inside tunnels).
        Defective Emergency indicators.
        Unusual events (Not Track or Signalling).
All trains fitted with GSM-R will receive the broadcast message. Drivers of services NOT fitted with version 3.5 software do
not have an ST button so must disregard the GSM-R berth triggered safety broadcast and bring their train to a stand at the
protecting signal and contact the Signaller.

                                                                                LNW South Route GI - Dated: 12/11/16


Rule Book Module M3 – Managing incidents, floods and
snow
The following additional instructions are applicable to electric point heaters:-
Electric Point Heaters
At certain locations point heaters are switched on automatically at predetermined temperature levels.
If advice is received that frost or falling snow is forecast or that the air temperature is expected to fall below freezing point
and at the same time there will be rain, the Signaller must operate the heater switch for the area/s concerned to the ON
position two hours before the weather conditions are expected to occur. If less than two hours warning is received, the
heater switch must be operated to the ON position immediately advice is received.
If a warning is not received but the Signaller considers that there is a risk of the points becoming frozen or if he observes
or is advised that snow is beginning to fall, he must immediately operate the heater switch to the ON position for the area/s
concerned.
The Signaller must operate the heater switch/s to the OFF position when there is no further risk of the points being frozen
or blocked by snow.
                                                                                LNW South Route GI - Dated: 09/06/12




December 2009                                                   7
