                                                             OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



CLASS 390 PENDOLINO LED ROOF LIGHTS
A number of Class 390 “Pendolino”s are fitted with CCTV cameras near both pantographs. Each camera has a high
intensity LED light which will be illuminated irrespective of whether the nearby pantograph is in use or not.
Anyone observing these LED lights on the roof of Class 390 trains do not need to arrange to stop the train specially unless
there is something else unusual affecting the train.
The cameras are intended to help monitor the condition of the OHLE and provide evidence if OHLE problems occur.
                                                                                  LNW South Route GI - Dated: 01/08/15


CLEANING OF LOCOMOTIVE WINDSCREENS IN
PLATFORMS
AC electrified lines

This work must not be carried out under Live Overhead Line Electrified wires except where authorised below:-
            Location                         Traction                                         Comments

Euston                            All traction types                  Windscreen washing of trains at Euston is permitted to be
                                                                      carried out on stabled units on all platforms, except
                                                                      platforms 9 and 10. The nominated Person must carry out
                                                                      the nominated Platform ‘Lock Out Procedure’ before
                                                                      commencing any windscreen washing activities.


NB. The work must only be performed by authorised staff who must use the equipment specially provided for the purpose.
All locations (including the above)

Whilst the work is being carried out the provisions of Rule Book, Module T10 must be applied. The Rule Book, Module
T10, Section 4.3 is modified as follows: A red flag, or a red light (particularly if visibility is poor), must be exhibited 20 yards
from the end of the last vehicle nearest the direction from which vehicles might be shunted against those on which men
are at work. The red light may be steady or flashing.
If it is possible for vehicles to be shunted against both ends of the vehicle on which the men are at work, the same
precautions must be taken at both ends. In addition, a "Not to be moved" reminder device must be positioned on the
driving desk in each cab. Only the staff carrying out the work are authorised to position and remove the reminder devices.
Whilst a reminder device is exhibited, the locomotive must not be moved. At no time must the equipment in use be raised
above the top of the windscreen.
                                                                                  LNW South Route GI - Dated: 04/12/10




December 2009                                                    23
