                                                          OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



Prior to any schedule arrivals, the Water Orton Workstation Signaller shall contact the PIC to confirm the estimated arrival
time allowing the PIC to avoid conflicts within the Kingsbury Siding complex. The PIC shall ensure all hand points are set
correctly within the siding complex prior to a trains arrival.
The Water Orton Workstation Signaller shall contact the PIC when a train is approaching Kingsbury Branch Jn.
For Up direction arrivals, the PIC shall obtain the electrical slot release from the Water Orton Workstation Signaller and set
the route for the service to enter the sidings ensuring all shunt frame indicators are lit. The train will be signalled from
WW4822 on the Up Derby Line across Kingsbury Branch Jn into Kingsbury Oil or Branch Sidings. Once the rear of the
train has arrived in clear of Signal KY20/21 the PIC shall return the electrical slot release to the Water Orton Workstation
Signaller allowing the mainline route to normalise for passage of trains.
Trains bound for Birch Coppice Terminal shall draw down Branch Siding No.1 and shall arrive at the ‘Stop and Telephone’
Board. The driver shall contact the PIC to obtain permission to draw towards ‘Stop Board A’ on the single line to Birch
Coppice.
For Down direction arrivals, the driver shall bring the approaching train to a stand on the Down Derby Line at Kingsbury
Branch Jn and the PIC shall hand a radio to the driver, complete a radio test and come to a clear understanding regarding
the shunt movements. The driver of the inward train shall draw the train past Kingsbury Branch Jn and shall bring the rear
of the train to a stand behind Ground Position Signal KY24 under the instruction of the PIC.
The PIC shall obtain the electrical slot release from the Water Orton Workstation Signaller and set the route for the service
to enter Kingsbury Oil or Branch Sidings ensuring all shunt frame indicators are lit. The clearance of Ground Position
Signal KY24 will illuminate the set-back ‘Off’ indicators located along the Down Derby cess.
The driver shall propel the train under control of the PIC. The train must arrive in clear of Signal KY20/21. The PIC shall
return the electrical slot release to the Water Orton Workstation Signaller allowing mainline route to normalise for passage
of trains.
The PIC shall shunt the train to its destination as necessary. Prior to authorising any move through the shunt frame, the
PIC must ensure and check the route has been set correctly by observing Signal KY20/21, the shunt frame panel and the
shunt frame levers.
Departures:
Trains from Birch Coppice Terminal shall draw down the single line to ‘Stop Board A’. Upon arrival the driver shall contact
the PIC to request permission to pass ‘Stop Board A’ and draw the down to the ‘Stop’ Board protecting Kingsbury Shunt
Frame.
rains departing Kingsbury Oil or Scrap Sidings shall be marshalled together under control of the PIC before completing a
brake test. The train shall be ready and stationary at the ‘Stop’ Boards on either Oil Sidings that protect Kingsbury Branch
Jn. Prior to the scheduled departure time the PIC shall contact the Water Orton Workstation Signaller and obtain the
electrical slot release at the Shunt Frame to set up the correct routing for the train to departure from Signal KY20/21.
For trains departing in the Down direction, the PIC shall authorise the driver past the ‘Stop’ Board and draw forward to
KY20/21 and wait for the signal to clear. The train shall depart at 5mph until the rear of the train has cleared Kingsbury
Branch Jn. The PIC shall return the electrical slot release to the Water Orton Workstation Signaller allowing mainline route
to normalise for passage of trains.
For train departing in the Up direction trains, the PIC shall hand a radio to the driver and come to a clear understanding
regarding shunt movements. The driver shall propel the train under control of the PIC passing ‘Stop’ Board and Signal
KY20/21. The train shall propel across Kingsbury Branch Jn onto the Up Derby Line. The driver shall hand the radio to the
PIC as the locomotive passes KY20/21 and continue the propel movement across Kingsbury Branch Jn until the
locomotive has arrived behind Signal WW4822.
The PIC shall observe the movement throughout. Upon arrival behind WW4822, the PIC shall return the slot release to the
Water Orton Workstation Signaller allowing mainline route to normalise for passage of trains. The Water Orton
Workstation Signaller shall clear Signal WW4822 on the Up Derby Line. The PIC shall observe the train passing Kingsbury
Branch Jn.
                                                                                                        Dated: 31/10/2020

MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Kingsbury Jn To WATER ORTON

Trains diverted via Whitacre West Junction. Down and Up trains booked to travel direct, may be diverted via Whitacre
West Junction without previous warning. Drivers so routed need not observe the requirements of Rule Book, Module S7,
Section 1.2.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




December 2009                                               277
