                                   OFFICIAL
       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1

                  Route                    Sections of line Equipped
       MD555 Nuneaton North Junction to Water Orton
                                 From Nuneaton North Junction to 8m 10ch on the Down Arley
       East Junction             and Up Arley lines.
       MD705 Greenford West Junction to South Ruislip
                                 Northolt Junction (excl) to Route Boundary.
                                 Down Bicester 18m 24ch to 18m 29ch
       MD701 Marylebone to Aynho Junction
                                 Up Bicester 18m 26ch to 18m 21ch
       MD720 Princes Risborough to Aylesbury
                                 Little Kimble (excl) to Aylesbury (excl).
       MD736 Oxford North Jn (Excl.) to Denbigh Hall
                                 From Route Boundary at 29m 15ch to temporary buffer stops at
       South Jn.                 Gavray Junction, 18m 48ch on Down Bletchley and 18m 46ch on
                                 Up Bletchley.
       MD801 Wolverhampton North Junction to Abbey
                                 Down Wellington between 144m 19ch and Donnington Jn 160m
       Foregate (exclusive)      73ch Down Wellington / Down Main between Wellington
                                 (exclusive) to Route Boundary (GW731) at 170m 52ch.
                                 Up Main / Up Wellington between Route Boundary (GW731) and
                                 Wellington (exclusive) Up Wellington between Donnington Jn and
                                 Oxley (exclusive) at 144m 39ch.
       MD900 Abbotswood Jn to Stoke Works Jn via
                                 Down Abbotswood Curve between Abbotswood Jn and
       Worcester Shrub Hill      Cooksholme LC (excl.)
                                 Up Abbotswood Curve between Cooksholme LC (excl.) and
                                 Abbotswood Jn.
                                 Droitwich Single between Wychbold LC (excl.) and Stoke Works
                                 Jn.
       MD910 Pershore (Incl.) to Norton Jn
                                 Up & Down Cotswolds Single between Evesham West
                                 Jn 107m 52ch (GW310) and Worcestershire Parkway 116m 60ch.
                                 (Single line section).
       The following activities require axle counter heads to be disconnected or removed and must be undertaken
       with appropriate Rule Book, Modules TS1 or T3 protection:
       • Re-railing, resleepering or reballasting
       • Removal of rails with axle counter heads
       • Tamper operations past axle counter heads, other than:
         those using a split-head tamping machine suitable for tamping single sleepers around axle counters
         journeys of the tamper to or from the work site
       • Stoneblower or ballast cleaner/regulator operations past axle counter heads, but not including journeys to
         or from the work site
       • Any other work, which may affect axle counter heads.
       In the Rugby SCC area all T3 Engineering possessions must have an EPR applied. In other areas, co-
       operative re-setting equipment is provided. A Signalling Technician must be provided to re-set the equipment.
       Permanent Way and S & T Equipment utilising wheels for movement along tracks, such as trolleys and
       engineering skates, must not be used without the permission of the COSS/PC/PICOP.
       When giving up a possession, the PICOP must confirm that any affected axle counter sections are fit for use.
       The following activities may be undertaken with lines open to traffic where a safe method of working has been
       established in advance that does not require Rule Book, Modules TS1 or T3 protection:
       • Rail grinding past axle counter heads
       • Any work near axle counter heads with tools or any equipment which cannot impact on the operation of
         the axle counter heads
       • Loading and unloading of materials
       In the Rugby SCC area Special Train Reminders must be applied by the Signaller. The Signaller may reset
       the axle counters, if necessary, in accordance with STR procedures.
       In other areas, co-operative re-setting equipment is provided. A Signalling Technician must be provided to re-
       set the equipment.

                                            LNW South Route GI - Dated: 27/12/2022




       December 2009                 19A
