                                                         OFFICIAL


LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD415 - HATTON STATION TO STRATFORD-UPON-AVON
STRATFORD-UPON-AVON

Working of locomotive hauled passenger trains in platform 1. The vehicles comprising a locomotive hauled train
must not exceed 265 metres in length.
Drivers of trains which exceed 8 vehicles (or vehicles up to 158 metres in length) must draw the train forward and bring the
train to a stand as appropriate to ensure that the rear 8 vehicles (or vehicles up to 158 metres in length) are platformed.
On certain train formations the rear vehicle of the train may encroach the fence with locked gate and associated trespass
guards at the Bearley Junction end of the platform. Suitable On Train announcements must be made for passengers in
the vehicles which will not be platformed to move accordingly to detrain. The locomotive will then be detached to run
round the train.
Working of locomotive hauled passenger trains in platforms 1 and 2. The vehicles comprising a locomotive hauled
passenger train must not exceed 265 metres in length.
Drivers of trains which exceed 8 vehicles (or vehicles up to 158 metres in length) must draw the train forward and bring the
train to a stand as appropriate to ensure that the rear 8 vehicles (or vehicles up to 158 metres in length) are platformed.
Vehicles are not permitted to stand beyond the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board. Suitable On Train announcements must be
made for passengers in the vehicles which will not be platformed to move accordingly to detrain.
The Driver of a train arriving in Platform 2 which exceeds 245 metres in length must contact the Signaller and obtain
permission to draw the locomotive beyond the ‘Stop & Telephone’ board to ensure the first vehicle comes to a stand at the
‘Stop & Telephone board’ and to run round the train.
No vehicle, locomotive or On Track machine must be stabled in the headshunt. The Signaller must be advised when a
movement to the headshunt has come to a stand clear of the hand points. No movement must be made from the
headshunt without the permission of the Signaller.
The telephone located at the stop block end of the station building on Platform 1 is fitted with a loud sounding bell to
enable the Signaller at West Midlands S.C. – North Warwick workstation to communicate with Train Crew. When this bell
sounds, Train Crew must immediately contact the Signaller at West Midlands S.C. – North Warwick workstation by the
most expeditious means.
When a train is ready for departure the Conductor must press the ‘Train Ready To Start’ plunger 2 minutes before the
train is due to depart.
                                                                                                         Dated: 01/11/10

MD430 - DROITWICH SPA TO STOURBRIDGE NORTH JUNCTION
KIDDERMINSTER

Attaching of Locomotives in the Down Kidderminster platform. A locomotive which is authorised to operate on
Network Rail infrastructure can be routed from signal DR7835 on the Severn Valley Exchange Line into the Down
Kidderminster platform for the purpose of attaching to a train.
                                                                                                         Dated: 28/08/12




December 2009                                              268
