LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD460 - FENNY COMPTON TO BURTON DASSETT
Fenny Compton Jn To Burton Dassett Kineton MOD

Kineton Junction To Burton Dassett Kineton MOD
Access to the Kineton Branch is given by the release of a captive key instrument (lockout device or similar) positioned in
a lockable cabinet at the Burton Dassett end of Kineton Siding 1 or 2, released by the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley
workstation.
Working of movements between Kineton Siding 1 or 2 and Burton Dassett
The driver must bring his train to a stand at OL5159 or OL5157 Stop Obtain Token Before Proceeding Boards located at
the Burton Dassett end of Kineton Siding 1 or 2 and request a token release.
The signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley workstation will contact the MOD Traffic Controller at Kineton and obtain an
assurance that all MOD movements in the Exchange Sidings towards the Boundary Gate have ceased and the single line
is clear to the ‘Start of Token Section’ board at Burton Dassett. The signaller will then give the ‘release’ to enable the
driver to withdraw the token.
The driver must then check the trailing handpoints and set the route to the correct position before proceeding. The driver
must bring the train to a stand at the End of Single Line board at Burton Dassett and work to the instructions of the MOD
Traffic Controller at Kineton.
The driver must retain custody of the token until arrival back at Kineton No.1 or 2 sidings, except in cases where additional
movements are required (see below).
Working of movements between Burton Dassett and Kineton No.1 or 2 sidings
Before the MOD Traffic Controller at Kineton authorises a movement to depart from Kineton MOD Sidings to Kineton
Sidings 1 or 2, he/she must obtain authority for that movement to proceed from the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley
workstation.
Upon arrival at the End of Single Line board at Fenny Compton, the driver must contact the signaller at WMSC Cherwell
Valley workstation for permission to proceed into Kineton No.1 or 2 Sidings. The driver must then check the facing hand
points and set the route to the correct position before commencing the movement.
When the movement has come to a stand in Kineton Siding.1 or 2 the driver must, before replacing the token in the token
instrument machine, confirm to the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley workstation that the train is clear of the single line
complete with tail lamp. The driver must then confirm to the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley workstation when the
token has been returned to the token instrument machine.
The driver must confirm to the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley workstation that the train is complete with tail lamp.
Additional movement between Kineton No.1 or 2 Sidings and Burton Dassett
In the event that a second movement is required to operate from Kineton No.1 or 2 Sidings to Kineton MOD Sidings, the
MOD Traffic Controller at Kineton must confirm to the signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley workstation that the previous
train has departed clear of the Single line and is inside Kineton MOD Sidings. The driver of that train will then surrender
the token to the nominated MOD representative who will arrange the return of the token by road transport to the token
instrument machine located within the lockable cabinet at Fenny Compton Sidings.
Additional movement between Burton Dassett and Kineton No 1 or 2 Sidings
In the event that a second movement is required to operate from Kineton MOD Sidings to Kineton No 1 or 2 Sidings then
the driver of the first movement will replace the token in the token instrument machine located within the lockable cabinet
at Kineton Sidings. The nominated MOD representative will arrange for the token to be withdrawn from the token
instrument machine and convey the token by road transport and issue to the driver of the second movement. The token
will not be released by the signaller until it has been confirmed that the first train is complete with tail lamp.
                                                                                                       Dated: 08/08/2016
MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Kingsbury Shunt Frame (KY)

General: Kingsbury Shunt Frame, Branch, Oil & Scrap Sidings are situated adjacent to the Down Derby between
Wilnecote and Kingsbury Jn at Kingsbury Branch Jn. West Midlands Signalling Centre Water Orton Workstation Signaller
controls the Derby Lines and gives electrical release to Kingsbury Shunt Frame to operate points and signals for
movement to and from the sidings linking to the Birch Coppice single line.
Person in Charge (PIC): The PIC at this location is the DB Cargo Yard Supervisor located in Kingsbury Shunt Frame.
Arrivals:




December 2009                                               276
