LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD445 - STOURBRIDGE JUNCTION TO STOURBRIDGE TOWN
STOURBRIDGE JN To STOURBRIDGE TOWN

Operation of the line by Pre Metro Operations Limited (PMOL)
General. The service will be worked by a PMOL Class 139 unit (hereafter referred to as ’unit’) which with a second
support unit will be stabled within the PMOL Depot (hereafter referred to as ‘Depot’) located at the Kidderminster end of
the Bay platform at Stourbridge Junction Station.
The unit operating on the single line service will be identified as ‘vehicle 1’ and the second unit stabled in the Depot
identified as ‘vehicle 2’.
The units are not equipped with GSMR and the normal method of contact between the Driver, the nominated PMOL
Person in Charge (hereafter referred to as ’PIC’) and the Signaller will be by using fixed lineside telephones. However, in
addition, for emergency purposes or when contact is required by the Signaller to the PIC this may be by way of a
dedicated mobile telephone. Before any movement commences from the Depot onto the single line, the Signaller will
ascertain that the PIC is in possession of the mobile telephone and following a successful test, record the telephone
number in the Train Register.
The Stourbridge Town branch will be protected against unauthorised movements from the Depot by a derailer, to which
the key is retained on the train staff.
Movements within the Depot. The unit(s) are authorised to operate at 5 mph within the Depot, provided that the derailer
is in position and that any movement of a unit will not encroach within 2 metres (2 yards) of the derailer and that the
headlights and tail lights of the unit are extinguished. Upon completion of movements the PIC must give assurance to the
Signaller that the derailer is in position. The units are authorised to operate within the confines of the Depot at any time.
Movements on the Stourbridge Town branch line. Prior to commencement of operations the PIC will request issue of
the Train Staff for the Stourbridge Town branch and the key to the derailer . The PIC, in conjunction with the Signaller, will
confirm that No.3 and No.4 ground frame points are locked in the Normal position before the unit ‘vehicle 1’ is authorised
to proceed from the Depot.
Upon Completion of operations. The unit(s) will be secured within the Depot including the securing of the derailer in
position. On return of the Train Staff and the derailer key to the Train Staff Release Cabinet, the PIC is to give the
Signaller assurance that the Stourbridge Town branch is clear and safe and that all PMOL equipment has been removed.
Unit failure in service.
      •   Assisted by second Class 139. Should the unit (vehicle 1) fail in service and can be assisted by the other unit
          (vehicle 2) the PIC will contact the Signaller for authority to carry out the rescue procedure. The Token will remain
          with the failed unit. When both units arrive at Stourbridge Junction station, so that the other 139 unit can continue
          in service, the PIC will request the ground frame release so that the failed unit may be shunted on to the
          connecting line towards the Down Goods Loop and remain on the connecting line until the end of service when it
          will be shunted into the Depot.
      •   Unit cannot be assisted by another Class 139 unit. Should the unit (vehicle 1) fail in service and cannot be
          assisted by the other unit (vehicle 2), no other movement is permitted without the express permission of the
          Signaller who will notify Operations Control. During the failure, the Token will remain in the possession of the
          failed unit.
          In this instance, an attempt must be made to rectify the vehicle fault on the branch line. The PIC will contact the
           Signaller to confirm the arrangements. The PIC will confirm to the Signaller that the vehicle has been secured
           and that work is required on the unit. When a clear understanding has been reached, the Signaller may authorise
           work to commence on the unit.
          When the fault has been rectified and the unit is ready to move, the PIC will inform the Signaller of this fact and
           that all staff are clear of the line. When the Signaller has given permission, the unit may proceed.
Changeover of units. The PIC will obtain permission from the Signaller for the movements to take place utilising the
Ground Frame and lineside signage as per the agreed Method of Working between Network Rail, PMOL and London
Midland. The signaller must be informed that the movement is complete.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/05/16




December 2009                                                274
