                                                    OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1

MD900 Abbotswood Jn to Stoke Works Jn via       Down Abbotswood Curve between Abbotswood Jn and
Worcester Shrub Hill                            Cooksholme LC (excl.)
                                                Up Abbotswood Curve between Cooksholme LC (excl.) and
                                                Abbotswood Jn.
                                                Droitwich Single between Wychbold LC (excl.) and Stoke Works
                                                Jn.
MD910 Pershore (Incl.) to Norton Jn             Up & Down Cotswolds Single between Evesham West
                                                Jn 107m 52ch (GW310) and Worcestershire Parkway 116m 60ch.
                                                (Single line section).
The following activities require axle counter heads to be disconnected or removed and must be undertaken
with appropriate Rule Book, Modules TS1 or T3 protection:
•   Re-railing, resleepering or reballasting
•   Removal of rails with axle counter heads
•   Tamper operations past axle counter heads, other than:
    •   those using a split-head tamping machine suitable for tamping single sleepers around axle counters
    •   journeys of the tamper to or from the work site
•   Stoneblower or ballast cleaner/regulator operations past axle counter heads, but not including journeys to
    or from the work site
•   Any other work, which may affect axle counter heads.
In the Rugby SCC area all T3 Engineering possessions must have an EPR applied. In other areas, co-
operative re-setting equipment is provided. A Signalling Technician must be provided to re-set the equipment.
Permanent Way and S & T Equipment utilising wheels for movement along tracks, such as trolleys and
engineering skates, must not be used without the permission of the COSS/PC/PICOP.
When giving up a possession, the PICOP must confirm that any affected axle counter sections are fit for use.
The following activities may be undertaken with lines open to traffic where a safe method of working has been
established in advance that does not require Rule Book, Modules TS1 or T3 protection:
•   Rail grinding past axle counter heads
•   Any work near axle counter heads with tools or any equipment which cannot impact on the operation of
    the axle counter heads
•   Loading and unloading of materials
In the Rugby SCC area Special Train Reminders must be applied by the Signaller. The Signaller may reset
the axle counters, if necessary, in accordance with STR procedures.
In other areas, co-operative re-setting equipment is provided. A Signalling Technician must be provided to re-
set the equipment.
                                                                   LNW South Route GI - Dated: 26/06/2021




December 2009                                         19A
