LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2

MD166 - NORTH POLE JUNCTION TO WEMBLEY
Sudbury Junction
Working at the North end of Brent Sidings. Notice boards comprising black numerals on a yellow background lettered
‘35 SLU’, ‘50 SLU’, ‘60 SLU’ and ‘70 SLU' are provided adjacent to the Down Willesden Relief line. Drivers of trains for
Brent Sidings must bring their trains to a stand with the locomotive cab adjacent to the appropriate board.
When the 'OFF' indicators working in conjunction with signal WM.932 are illuminated the Driver may commence the
propelling movement into Brent Sidings. No further hand signal will be received until the train has passed the advance
signal and is under the control of the Yard Staff.
When the trains are required to set back from signal WM.932 to Up & Down Goods line No.1 or No.2 for stabling
purposes, the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC will arrange for the Driver to be advised of the movement to be made
and the Driver must bring the train to a stand when inside, clear of the outward signal concerned.
Brent Sidings North End - Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 14. A train is authorised to propel out of the sidings on to
the Down Willesden Relief line with a red light exhibited on the leading vehicle.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/11/16

MD167 - MITRE BRIDGE JN TO ACTON WELLS JN (SOUTH WEST LINES)
Old Oak Sidings (Powerday)
During the time that the Person in Charge of the sidings is not on duty, the Person in Charge of a movement requiring to
enter the sidings must first ensure that the hand points have been correctly set and that the movement may be made with
safety; they must then advise the Signaller at Wembley Mainline S.C.C. accordingly.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/11/16


MD175 - BRACKMILLS TO NORTHAMPTON SOUTH JUNCTION
Brackmills To Northampton South Jn

This line is non operational and is out of use until further notice.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

MD180 - RUGBY, TRENT VALLEY JUNCTION TO NEW BILTON
Rugby, Trent Valley Junction to New Bilton
General. New Bilton siding extends from the connection with the Down Coventry line at Rugby to the gates of the terminal
at New Bilton.
Person in Charge (PIC). When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
Signaller at Rugby SCC and report to the signaller when their turn of duty is completed.
Arrivals:
          •    When the PIC is on duty the Signaller at Rugby SCC must obtain the permission of the PIC before
               signalling a movement for the terminal into New Bilton siding. It is not necessary to obtain permission when
               the movement will not enter the terminal. When signalled onto the siding, the movement should proceed to
               the Stop and await instructions board outside the terminal, where the PIC will authorise the movement into
               the terminal.
          •    When the PIC is not on duty an on Track Machine (OTM) or On Track Plant (OTP) may be signalled onto
               the sidings for stabling within the terminal. The person responsible for the movement must ensure that once
               the movement is inside the terminal and clear of the gates, the gates are secured.
Departures:
          •    When the PIC is on duty, a movement that is ready to depart from the terminal will proceed on the
               authority of the PIC to the Stop board located immediately inside the terminal gates. The Driver will contact
               the Signaller at Rugby SCC using the telephone provided for authority to proceed onto New Bilton siding.
          •    When the PIC is not on duty the Driver of the an On Track Machine (OTM) or On Track Plant (OTP)
               departing the terminal, must, for authority to proceed onto New Bilton siding and before opening the gates,
               contact the Signaller at Rugby SCC using the telephone provided at the Stop board, located immediately
               inside the terminal gates. Once the movement is clear of the gates, the person responsible for the
               movement must ensure that the gates are secured.
Shunt moves. Shunt movements from the terminal onto New Bilton siding require the permission of the Signaller at
Rugby SCC. The Driver must contact the Signaller from the telephone located by the Stop board located immediately
inside the terminal gates. The PIC cannot give authorisation to the Driver to pass this board.
Movement of trains over the footpath crossing. A footpath crossing is located immediately outside the gates of the
terminal. No vehicles are to be left stabled or trains left standing over this crossing, nor must the gates be left open except
during the passage of trains over the crossing.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/06/11




December 2009                                                257
