                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2

       Starting of Trains - Rule Book, Module SS1, Section 3.4. The Ready to Start signal must not be given by means of the
       bell/buzzer communication, it must be given for all trains by means of the Ready to Start indicator.
       During any working which causes a train to be stopped short and/or on a curve whereby the driver is unable to observe or
       has a limited view of the relevant starting signal, the following instruction will apply.
       The normal dispatch process for Birmingham New Street will apply with the exception of the following:
       The Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch, must reach a clear understanding with the driver of the train as to what hand
       signal will be given for the RA
       The Person In Charge Of train Dispatch, once all station duties are complete, will initiate the dispatch process and check
       the signal and the route indicator to establish if the correct route is set.
       The Person In Charge Of train Dispatch will then put the RA up and double-check that all is clear and the signal is still
       clear for departure. Once this is done the Person In Charge Of train Dispatch will then have the authority to exhibit a
       green hand signal held steady above shoulder height to indicate to the driver of the Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch’s
       authority to proceed.
       Trains Standing Beyond or too close to sight a Middle or Inner Platform Signal
       If the Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch becomes aware that a train due to be dispatched from a middle or inner
       platform signal is stood with the leading cab beyond the signal, the Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch must contact the
       WMSC Birmingham New Street Signaller and ascertain if the train is indicated on the Workstation Screen as being on the
       approach or beyond the signal.
       If the signaller confirms the train is indicated on the approach to the signal, but on the ground the leading cab is beyond
       the signal, the Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch must explain the circumstances to the signaller and obtain permission
       to move the train towards the signal beyond to enable the normal dispatch process for Birmingham New street Station to
       take place.
       If the Driver is too close to a middle or inner platform signal to sight the signal, the Driver must advise the Person In
       Charge Of Train Dispatch who must then contact the Birmingham New Street Signaller to obtain permission to move the
       train towards the signal beyond.
       Before the Signaller gives permission to the Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch to move the train towards the signal
       beyond, the signaller MUST set the route from the middle or inner platform signal to the signal beyond to afford the
       protection of the interlocking and avoid the activation of a SPAD Alarm
       Once the Signaller has given permission to move the train towards the signal beyond the Person In Charge of train
       Dispatch must:
       Check the middle or inner platform the train is stood beyond or under has been cleared
       Tell the Driver and guard of the train that the Signaller has given permission for the movement and the middle or inner
       platform signal has been cleared for the movement to proceed towards the signal beyond.
       The Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch must make sure all doors on the train are closed before the Driver makes the
       movement.
       The Person In Charge Of Train Dispatch must tell the Signaller when the movement has been completed.




       December 2009                258B
