LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
Sudbury Junction

Working at the North end of Brent Sidings. Notice boards comprising black numerals on a yellow background lettered
‘35 SLU’, ‘50 SLU’, ‘60 SLU’ and ‘70 SLU' are provided adjacent to the Down Willesden Relief line. Drivers of trains for
Brent Sidings must bring their trains to a stand with the locomotive cab adjacent to the appropriate board.
When the 'OFF' indicators working in conjunction with signal WM.932 are illuminated the Driver may commence the
propelling movement into Brent Sidings. No further hand signal will be received until the train has passed the advance
signal and is under the control of the Yard Staff.
When the trains are required to set back from signal WM.932 to Up & Down Goods line No.1 or No.2 for stabling
purposes, the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC will arrange for the Driver to be advised of the movement to be made
and the Driver must bring the train to a stand when inside, clear of the outward signal concerned.
Brent Sidings North End - Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 14. A train is authorised to propel out of the sidings on to
the Down Willesden Relief line with a red light exhibited on the leading vehicle.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/11/16

MD101 - EUSTON TO ARMITAGE JUNCTION (EXCLUSIVE)
WEMBLEY CENTRAL

Down Slow Platform. When an 8 car train comprised of sliding door stock is required to set down or pick up passengers
in platform 5 at Wembley Central, the rear passenger door on the rear vehicle must be locked out of use by means of the
parcel door isolating switch in the rear driving cab. This must be done before the train commences its journey. In the
case of a train which has to make an unscheduled stop at Wembley Central, the train must be stopped on the Down Slow
line at Queen’s Park Station and the Driver requested to lock the door out of use.
                                                                                                        Dated: 07/10/06




December 2009                                              245
