LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


Reservoir Sidings No 3 & 4:- Arrivals
    1.   Before clearing the position light signal associated with Signal OL7143 Down Banbury Goods Loop towards the
         Reservoir Neck for an On Track Machine to stable in Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell
         Valley Workstation must ensure no conflicting movement has been authorised within the Reservoir Siding
         Complex.
    2.   The Person In Charge Of The On Track Machine must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley
         Workstation and confirm the On Track Machine is inside clear on Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 and no further
         movement will take place towards the Reservoir Neck.
Reservoir Sidings No 3 & 4:- Departures
    1.   The Person In Charge Of The On Track Machine must contact the Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley
         Workstation when the On Track Machine is ready to depart Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 and advise the Signaller of
         the reporting number and destination of the On Track Machine
    2.   Provided no conflicting movement have been authorised within the Reservoir Sidings Complex the Signaller at
         WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation shall give authority to the Person In charge of the On Track Machine to
         depart from Reservoir Siding 3 or 4 and proceed towards the exit Ground Position Light Signal OL1142.
Reservoir Siding 4:- Maintenance Of On Track Machines
    1.   Maintenance of On Track machines is authorised on Reservoir Siding 4, prior to maintenance being carried out
         the Person In Charge Of The On Track Machine must ensure that the provisions of Rule Book Module T10 –
         Duties of a designated person (DP) and people working on rail vehicles- for providing protection are adhered to.
                                                                                                       Dated: 05/09/2020

MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
LEAMINGTON SPA
Carriage Sidings. The Down Leamington Bay and Leamington Depot Siding are designated as Carriage
Cleaning/Servicing Sidings. No movement must take place in these sidings without the Driver obtaining the authority of the
WMSC Cherwell Valley Signaller. Whilst carriage cleaning is taking place the WMSC Cherwell Valley Signaller will instruct
the Driver to obtain permission from the Person Responsible for Protection.

Before shunting commences from these sidings, the Driver of the shunting movement must have a clear understanding
with the Signaller or, during carriage cleaning, the Person Responsible for Protection.
                                                                                                          Dated: 08/08/16

MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
DORRIDGE
If it is necessary to route a train formed of a Chiltern Railways 8 car sliding door train to the Up & Down Dorridge
Passenger Loop (Platform 3), then the Driver must instruct the Person in Charge of the train to ‘lock out’ the doors on the
rear vehicle and to advise any customers that wish to detrain at Dorridge to do so from an appropriate vehicle.
                                                                                                          Dated: 18/02/08

MD401 - HEYFORD TO BORDESLEY JUNCTION
FENNY COMPTON

During times and certain circumstances when running water is on or immediate to the lines between 94m 60ch and 95m
00ch at Fenny Compton, trains will be cautioned through the area and Drivers will be requested to report back to the
Signaller at WMSC Cherwell Valley Workstation the following information:

    o    Which lines are affected.
    o    The depth of the water.
    o    Whether the water is running/flowing alongside the track (in the cess etc) and/or through, under or across the
         ballast.
                                                                                                          Dated: 08/08/16




December 2009                                              265B
