                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2


       MD166 - NORTH POLE JUNCTION TO WEMBLEY
       Sudbury Junction

       Working at the North end of Brent Sidings. Notice boards comprising black numerals on a yellow background lettered
       ‘25 SLU’, ‘50 SLU’, ‘60 SLU’ and ‘70 SLU' are provided adjacent to the Down Willesden Relief line. Drivers of trains for
       Brent Sidings must bring their trains to a stand with the locomotive cab adjacent to the appropriate board.
       When the 'OFF' indicators working in conjunction with signal WM.932 are illuminated the Driver may commence the
       propelling movement into Brent Sidings.
       When the trains are required to set back from signal WM.932 to Up & Down Goods line No.1 or No.2 for stabling
       purposes, the Signaller at Wembley Mainline SCC will arrange for the Driver to be advised of the movement to be made
       and the Driver must bring the train to a stand when inside, clear of the outward signal concerned.
       Brent Sidings North End - Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 14. A train is authorised to propel out of the sidings on to
       the Down Willesden Relief line with a red light exhibited on the leading vehicle.
                                                         Dated: 22/08/2020

       MD167 - MITRE BRIDGE JN TO ACTON WELLS JN (SOUTH WEST LINES)
       Old Oak Sidings (Powerday)
       During the time that the Person in Charge of the sidings is not on duty, the Person in Charge of a movement requiring to
       enter the sidings must first ensure that the hand points have been correctly set and that the movement may be made with
       safety; they must then advise the Signaller at Wembley Mainline S.C.C. accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 05/11/16

       MD175 - BRACKMILLS TO NORTHAMPTON SOUTH JUNCTION
       Brackmills To Northampton South Jn

       This line is non operational and is out of use until further notice.
                                                           Dated: 07/10/06

       MD180 - RUGBY, TRENT VALLEY JUNCTION TO NEW BILTON
       Rugby, Trent Valley Junction to New Bilton

       General. New Bilton siding extends from the connection with the Down Coventry line at Rugby to the gates of the
       terminal off New Bilton Siding. The total distance from the Stop and await instructions board protecting the terminal gates
       to exit Signal RC4190 is 374 metres / 409 yards / 1227ft. A train length must arrive in clear of this limit.
       Person in Charge (PIC). When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Signaller at Rugby SCC on telephone 01788 513 611 and report to the signaller when their turn of duty is completed.
       Arrivals:
       The Signaller at Rugby SCC must obtain permission from the PIC to accept a train onto the New Bilton siding before
       signalling the movement. It is not necessary to obtain permission when the movement will not proceed beyond the Stop
       and await instructions board to enter the terminal. When signalled onto the siding, the movement should proceed to the
       Stop and await instructions board outside the terminal, where the PIC will authorise the movement into the terminal once
       the terminal gates have been opened. Once the movement is inside and clear of the gates, the gates are secured.

       Departures:
       When the PIC is on duty, a movement that is ready to depart from the terminal will proceed on the
       authority of the PIC to the Stop board located immediately inside the terminal gates. The Driver will contact the Signaller at
       Rugby SCC for authority to proceed onto New Bilton siding. Once the movement is clear of the gates, the person
       responsible for the movement must ensure that the gates are secured.
       Shunt moves. Shunt movements from the terminal onto New Bilton siding require the permission of the Signaller at Rugby
       SCC. The Driver must contact the Signaller from the telephone located by the Stop board located immediately inside the
       terminal gates. The PIC cannot give authorisation to the Driver to pass this board.
       Movement of trains over the footpath crossing. A footpath crossing is located immediately outside the gates of the
       terminal. No vehicles are to be left stabled or trains left standing over this crossing, nor must the gates be left open except
       during the passage of trains over the crossing.
                                                         Dated: 27/06/2020



       December 2009                257
