                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
       Soho, Light Maintenance Depot
       General. Soho Main train Light Maintenance Depot (L.M.D.) is defined as Sidings 1 to 11 (including the Fuel Tank
       Siding) from the King points on the Down Soho Goods Loop. Drivers and other staff must not lean out of the train
       windows when proceeding along No.11 siding.
       Carriage Cleaning and Servicing may only be performed in Sidings 1 to 11 inclusive. Protection of carriage cleaning
       operations is the responsibility of the Carriage Cleaning Supervisor. Protection is arranged by the Designated Person.
       Working of Sidings. The Designated Person responsible for all movements is the Shunter. No movement will be
       allowed from the L.M.D. to the Arrival Line without the permission of the Signaller at West Midlands S.C.- Stour Valley
       workstation. Movements past the ‘Stop’ board located on the Arrival Line, the ‘Stop’ board located on the Down
       Through Siding or within Soho L.M.D. must only be authorised by the Designated Person.
       Movements onto the Sidings. The maximum train formation which is permitted on the Arrival Line is 8 vehicles. Train
       formations which arrive at the “Stop and Await Instructions” board on the Arrival Line will be disposed of to the carriage
       sidings and the Designated Person will advise the Signaller accordingly. If due to operating constraints this cannot be
       achieved the Designated Person will advise the Signaller the maximum remaining available capacity on the Arrival Line.
       No movement must be permitted to depart from Birmingham New Street station to the Arrival Line if this is in excess of
       the remaining available capacity of the Arrival Line. When the Arrival Line is again clear the Designated Person will
       advise the Signaller accordingly.
       Movements off the Sidings. Before a movement departs from the L.M.D. requiring to proceed beyond signal BW1203,
       the Designated Person must obtain the permission of the Signaller at West Midlands S.C. -Stour Valley workstation .
       The Designated Person must also advise the Signaller of the headcode, train identification and destination of the
       movement.
                                                         Dated: 27/12/17




       December 2009                259
