                                                            OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



When the Signaller confirms that the train has been protected by fixed signals, the Driver must provide the following
additional information:
a)   why the emergency sanding equipment was operated, i.e. whether for a genuine application, systems fault or
     operated in error,
b)   the location of the poor adhesion site which required the emergency sanding equipment to be used,
c)   the unit and vehicle number on which the emergency sanding equipment was operated.
Signallers’ Actions. Upon advice from a Driver that the emergency sanding equipment on certain passenger trains other
than locomotive hauled trains and Class 165/166 Diesel Multiple Units, has been operated the Signaller must
immediately:
d)   place or maintain the signal in rear of the train at Danger,
e)   if the line on which the train is standing is track circuited, confirm that the track circuit is showing occupied. Should the
     track circuit not be showing occupied and the signal in rear cannot be placed to Danger, instruct the Driver to apply a
     track circuit operating clip immediately in front of the train,
f)   advise the Driver when the train is protected and record the information provided. (On Bi-directional lines, protection
     must also be applied to prevent the approach of trains in the opposite direction).
When it has been ascertained that train movements may re-commence, the controlled signal next in rear of where the
emergency sanding equipment was operated must be maintained at Danger until the train has passed clear of the overlap
of the signal in advance of where the train stopped and occupied the track circuit ahead. The passage of this first train
must be observed to ensure that track circuits operate correctly. This method of signalling must continue until it has been
ascertained that the track circuits are working correctly.
Where points are locked by track circuits they must not be operated until the train is well clear. The individual points
switches must be used on a route setting panel.
Where poor adhesion problems have been reported the conditions within Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 28 ‘Rail-head
adhesion’, must be applied.
Network Rail Control must be informed of any emergency sanding equipment operation giving details of the unit and
vehicle numbers, train identity and the time and location of the incident.
All details of emergency sanding equipment activation must be recorded in the Train Register or Occurrence Book.
                                                                                 LNW South Route GI - Dated: 03/12/16




December 2009                                                   38
