LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
COVENTRY
Platforming of Trains. Drivers of locomotive hauled passenger trains conveying 12 coaches must bring their trains to a
stand in platform 1 (Up Slow line) or, 3 (Down Fast line) with the front of the locomotive adjacent to the '12 car Stop' board.

                                                                                                            Dated: 07/10/06

MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
BIRMINGHAM NEW ST To Bushbury Jn
Down and Up Virgin or CrossCountry services not booked to stop at Wolverhampton may be diverted without
warning from Soho South Junction via Soho East Junction, Perry Barr North Junction, Portobello Junction to Bushbury
Junction and vice versa. Drivers so routed need not observe the second sentence of Rule Book, Module S7, Section 1.2.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13

MD301 - RUGBY TO PENKRIDGE (EXCLUSIVE) (VIA BIRMINGHAM)
BIRMINGHAM NEW STREET

Protection of staff when carrying out cleaning or line painting on the station platforms. Whilst the work is being
carried out the COSS in Charge of the work must arrange with the Platform Supervisor for the placing of ‘Not to be moved’
banners to be placed on each end of the stabled unit(s). Upon completion of the work the COSS in Charge of the work
must arrange with the Platform Supervisor for the removal of the ‘Not to be moved’ banners from each end of the stabled
unit(s). Whilst a reminder device is exhibited, the unit(s) must not be moved. If the work extends beyond the duty hours of
the Person in Charge, then this person must advise the Signaller at Birmingham New Street of the details of the relieving
COSS in Charge.
Working in the station. Drivers having brought their trains to a stand on Through Sidings No.1, No.2 or No.3 must obtain
the permission of the Signaller at Birmingham New Street signal box before any movement is made towards the outlet
signal.
The Driver or Train Manager of a north bound Driving Van Trailer (D.V.T.) operated train standing in Platform 5, 6 or 7 and
marshalled with the locomotive at the rear, awaiting departure to the Down Stour line, must contact the Signaller at
Birmingham New Street box prior to departure and advise him/her of the train formation.
Fire Alarm. In the event of the fire alarms sounding, Train Crew on trains which are unable to depart immediately, must
leave their trains with power doors open, or central locking released and all train lighting left switched on. This is to
facilitate passenger egress and assist the Fire Evacuation Wardens in carrying out their duties.
To prevent unnecessary Fire Alarm activation, the Driver of any diesel unit, locomotive or High Speed Train Power
Cars (which is not providing Electric Train Supply), which is booked to stand in the station for more than 15 minutes,
must shut the engine(s) down until such time so as to enable a punctual departure.
Shunting Requirements
Units must always be driven from the leading cab.
Shunting movements are NOT authorised into the South Tunnel on the Down Derby line towards the ‘Limit of Shunt’
Indicator, if the train exceeds 111 metres.
Shunting movements are NOT authorised into the North Tunnel on the Up Stour line towards the ‘Limit of Shunt’ Indicator,
if the train exceeds 70 metres.
Shunting movements towards the Limit of Shunt indicator in the South Tunnel on the Down Stour line are limited to a
maximum train length of 188 metres.
Due to the unavailability of walking routes, shunting movements with two or more units with no through access must
always be carried out with a Driver in each driving cab that will become leading.
When shunting in the Birmingham New Street station area, movements must come to a stand behind the following ground
position light signals:
Down Stour towards Monument Lane:         NS246
Up Stour towards Monument Lane:           NS255 (by taking the movement to the Limit of Shunt on the Up Stour)
Down Gloucester:                          NS242
Up Derby:                                 NS152
Down Stour - London End: NS147 (by taking the movement to the Limit of Shunt on the Down Stour)
Up Stour - London End: NS155
.



December 2009                                                258
