                                                  OFFICIAL


                                      LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S) RC



     Table D5A - Route clearance of Freight Vehicles
                                                                                      Last Updated: 30/04/2022

     To be read in conjunction with General Notes.

     The notations (used in these tables) are explained as follows for freight vehicles or loads conforming to the Group Standards:
    Y  Permitted to operate over the route without restriction.
    R  Permitted to operate over part or all of the route but restrictions apply. See “Notes” column for details.
     S Permitted for, or prohibited to, specific traffic. See “Notes” column for details.
    *  Route does not conform to Group Standard W6A Lower Gauge as defined in GE/RT8073. Certain W6A vehicles are prohibited from all or part of the route; these restrictions are detailed on
       the Summary of Compatibility for the vehicles concerned.
     N Prohibited from operating over the route
     Conditions of Operation
     When operating within a possession the notations detailed within the table may not apply subject to a risk assessment and the application of appropriate control measures (in accordance with
       company and Group Standards).
     Freight traffic, other than containers/swap bodies, which exceed W6A gauge shall only operate in accordance with GORT3056-K
     Vehicles conveying containers/swap bodies are also subject to the procedure detailed in GO/RM3056, Section J Intermodal Traffic.
     Temporary authority for a specific wagon and container/swapbody combination may be granted by the Infrastructure Manager’s Gauging Engineer. This authority shall be detailed and issued on
       an RT3973/CON form.
    Note
    GO/RM3056 Section J Intermodal Traffic contains details of the wagon type (by TOPS code) and container/swapbody (by height, width and/or size code) combinations that conform to the
    gauges shown as column headings in this table.




     December 2009                                   43
