                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



       MD736 – OXFORD NORTH JN (EXCL.) TO DENBIGH HALL SOUTH JN
       Flyover Junction to Claydon L&NE Jn
       Between Bletchley (1m 31ch) and Claydon (12m 00ch)
       The portion of line between Bletchley (1m 31ch) and Claydon (12m 00ch) is non operational and is out of use until
       further notice.
                                                           Dated: 13/02/16

       MD801 - WOLVERHAMPTON NORTH JN TO ABBEY FOREGATE
       (EXCLUSIVE)
       Telford International Railfreight Park

       General:
       Telford International Railfreight Park (TIRFP) is accessed via Donnington Siding which has a facing connection from the
       Up Wellington at Donnington Jn to the West of Wellington Station.
       All points within the Telford International Railfreight Park complex are hand operated and the PIC of any movement must
       ensure hand points are set in the correct position prior to the movement.
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Telford Workstation Signaller at West Midlands Signalling Centre (WMSC) on telephone 0121-345-5885 and report to the
       Signaller when their turn of duty is complete.
       Arrivals:
       Prior to an arrival the Telford Workstation Signaller must obtain permission from the PIC to accept a train before signalling
       the movement into the Donnington Siding. The PIC shall ensure the Terminal gates are opened before accepting a train.
       All trains must arrive with the locomotive leading the train.
       Trains destined for Telford International Railfreight Park will arrive at the ‘Stop Telephone TIRFP PIC’ board DS1 on
       Donnington Siding. The driver shall contact the PIC to obtain permission pass DS1. The PIC shall authorise the Driver to
       pass ‘Stop Telephone TIRFP PIC’ board DS1 and arrive at the Terminal gates. Upon arrival at the terminal gates the PIC
       will liaise with the driver before authorising the driver to proceed into the Terminal. Once the movement is complete the
       PIC shall contact the Telford Workstation Signaller to confirm the train has arrived in clear of the terminal gates complete
       with tail lamp. The PIC shall split the train into portions within the Terminal Sidings and ensure the train is secure.
       If the PIC cannot be contacted an arrival can be signalled onto the Donnington Siding up to Board DS1. The Signaller
       must inform the driver of the circumstances if the PIC can’t be contacted before the train can be signalled onto Donnington
       Siding.
       Departures:
       The PIC shall marshal the train within the Terminal Sidings and complete a brake test. Once train preparation duties have
       been completed the PIC shall contact the Signaller to obtain permission for the train to draw onto Donnington Siding and
       proceed towards ‘Stop and Telephone WMSC’ board MJ361. Upon arrival at MJ361 the driver shall contact the Signaller
       to obtain permission for the train to proceed to Signal MJ363 on Donnington Siding. The Signaller shall clear Signal MJ363
       upon scheduled departure onto the Up Wellington.
       Mulitple Services: Mulitple arrivals and departures are authorised and are controlled by the Terminal PIC. Only 1 train can
       occupy Donnington Siding at any one time.
                                                         Dated: 12/03/2022




       December 2009                290
