LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2



MD501 - TAMWORTH (INCLUSIVE) TO BIRMINGHAM, PROOF HOUSE
JUNCTION
Lawley Street Freightliner Terminal
Propelling of trains from the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop into the Freightliner Terminal.
Driver's Instructions. A radio handset is provided in a cabinet at the 60 wagon marker board located on the Up
Washwood Heath Goods Loop for the use of the Driver. Upon arrival on the Up Washwood Heath Goods Loop, the Driver
must bring the train to a stand 100 yards in advance of the 60 wagon marker board and unlock the Freightliner cabinet and
collect the radio handset. On return to the locomotive the Driver must conduct a satisfactory radio transmission test with
the Freightliner Terminal Shunter over Channel 2. After completion of the satisfactory radio transmission test and upon
clearance of signal WP9907, the ‘Set Back’ lights will be illuminated and the Driver may commence the propelling
movement into the Freightliner Terminal. When the leading vehicle comes into view of the Freightliner Terminal Shunter
he will advise the Driver accordingly by means of the radio handset. The Driver will then continue to propel the train into
the Freightliner Terminal observing all signals and under constant radio communication with the Freightliner Terminal
Shunter.
Freightliner Terminal Shunter’s Instructions. When advice is received from the Driver that he/she is ready to undertake
the propelling movement, and a satisfactory radio transmission test has taken place, the Freightliner Terminal Shunter
must advise the Driver when the leading vehicle is visible at which point the propelling movement is then controlled by the
Freightliner Terminal Shunter who must then work in accordance with Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 4.2b). Upon
completion of all shunting operations, the Freightliner Terminal Shunter must arrange for a fully charged battery to be
placed into the Drivers radio handset, ready for the Driver to return the radio handset to the cabinet at the 60 wagon
marker board on departure of the Driver’s next service.
Trains requiring to depart in the Down direction conveying more than 10 freightliner vehicles must be drawn to the
Up Washwood Heath Arrival / Departure lines at Washwood Heath where the locomotive must run round the train under
the control of the DB Schenker Person in Charge at Washwood Heath. Trains requiring to depart in the Down direction
conveying 10 freightliner vehicles or less must be propelled from signal WP8902 on to the Up Washwood Heath
Goods Loop to stand clear and in rear of signal WP9907 for a reversal movement.
                                                                                                         Dated: 10/04/12
MD545 - KINGSBURY JUNCTION TO WHITACRE JUNCTION
Kingsbury Jn To Whitacre Jn
Between Kingsbury Junction and Water Orton
Trains diverted via Whitacre West Junction. Down and Up trains booked to travel direct, may be diverted via Whitacre
West Junction without previous warning. Drivers so routed need not observe the requirements of Rule Book, Module S7,
Section 1.2.
                                                                                                         Dated: 07/12/13

MD555 - NUNEATON NORTH JN TO WATER ORTON EAST JN
Daw Mill Colliery
Working of trains at Daw Mill Colliery Sidings - The nominated Person in Charge (PIC) of these sidings will advise the
signaller at West Midlands SC – Water Orton workstation, when they take up and leave duty.
In the absence of a PIC being present at Daw Mill, the method of working will become one train working until such times
that a PIC reports that they have taken up duty.
When one train working is in operation, it is the responsibility of the driver of any movement wishing to enter Daw Mill
Colliery to contact UK Coal for acceptance and advise the signaller at West Midlands SC – Water Orton workstation, that
the movement has been accepted.
Arriving trains from the Nuneaton direction via ground position signal NW1274 – propelling movements in all cases
from ground position light signal NW1274 can only be made when the PIC is present at Daw Mill Colliery Sidings.
As soon as the movement has passed clear of ground position light signal NW1274, the signaller at West Midlands SC –
Water Orton workstation, may then clear ground position light signal NW1274. The signaller will confirm to the PIC when
ground position light signal NW1274 is displaying a proceed aspect.
Departing trains towards Water Orton - The PIC will contact the signaller at West Midlands SC – Water Orton
workstation, for permission for a movement to pass Stop Board NW8277 and proceed towards the exit signals NW8267 or
NW8269 on Daw Mill Reception / Departure Lines 1 or 2 respectively.
In the absence of the PIC, these duties will be performed by the driver of the movement wishing to depart.
Departing trains towards Nuneaton - The PIC will contact the signaller at West Midlands SC – Water Orton workstation,
when a train is ready to depart from Daw Mill Reception / Departure Lines 1 or 2, and obtain permission for the train to
draw up to signal NW8266.
                                                                                                         Dated: 28/11/11




December 2009                                              280
