                                   OFFICIAL


       LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)2




       MD555 - NUNEATON NORTH JN TO WATER ORTON EAST JN
       Hams Hall

       General: Hams Hall Railfreight Terminal is located off adjacent to the Up Whitacre to the West of Whitacre Junction. The
       terminal comprises 4 sidings and a cripple siding.
       The sidings can be accessed through a West Arrival Line from the Up Whitacre at Coleshill East Junction and via either
       the East Arrival Line or Departure/RunRound Line at Hams Hall Junction at the East End of the site.
       Person in Charge (PIC): When taking up duty the PIC must provide their name and mobile telephone number to the
       Water Orton Workstation Signaller at West Midlands SCC on telephone 0121 5762010. and report to the signaller when
       their turn of duty is completed. The PIC may contact the Signaller for signalled shunt moves.
       Shunter: The shunter will work under instruction of the PIC.


       Arrivals:
       Trains arriving in the Up direction from Water Orton will be signalled from WW6974 on the Up Whitacre onto the Hams
       Hall West Arrival Line. The train will arrive at the ‘Await Instructions Board‘ Signal HH8 on the West Arrival Line. Upon
       arrival the PIC will liaise with the driver and must reach a clear understanding with the Driver concerning the movements
       to access Hams Hall Terminal. The PIC will authorise the driver to proceed past Signal HH8. The PIC shall instruct the
       driver to commence the propel movement towards the Terminal.
       Trains arriving in the Down direction from Whitacre West Jn will be signalled from WW6959 on the Down Whitacre or
       NW4279 on the Down Arley onto the Hams Hall East Arrival Line or Departure/Runround Line. The train will arrive at the
       ‘Await Instruction Board‘ Signal HH3 on the East Arrival Line or ‘Await Instruction Board’ Signal HH5 on the
       Departure/Runround Line. Upon arrival the PIC will liaise with the driver and must reach a clear understanding with the
       Driver concerning the movements to access Hams Hall Terminal. The PIC will authorise the driver to proceed past Signal
       HH3 or Signal HH5 to draw into the terminal.
       Departures:
       Trains departing towards Water Orton: The PIC shall marshal the train within the Hams Hall Terminal and complete a
       brake test. The PIC shall instruct the driver to commence the propel movement onto the Hams Hall East Arrival Line or
       Departure/Runround Line. The train is propelled behind ‘Await Instruction Board‘ Signal HH3 on the East Arrival Line or
       ‘Await Instruction Board’ Signal HH5 on the Departure/Runround Line where it will be brought to a stand. The PIC shall
       contact the Signaller to advise the train is ready to depart. The PIC will then authorise the driver to pass Signal HH3 or
       Signal HH5 and proceed towards Signal WW1973. The Signaller shall clear Signal WW1973 upon scheduled departure
       Trains departing towards Whitacre West Jn: The PIC shall marshal the train within the Hams Hall Terminals and complete
       a brake test. When train preparation duties have been completed a movement that is ready to depart from the terminal will
       proceed on the authority of the PIC to Signal HH2 or Signal HH4. The PIC shall contact the Signaller to advise the train is
       ready to depart. The Signaller shall clear Signal WW8692 upon scheduled departure
                                                         Dated: 01/05/2021




       December 2009                280B
