                                                          OFFICIAL
LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1




Staff/barrow crossings between platforms
At stations where passengers have to cross the track from one platform to another the staff must exercise the utmost
possible supervision to prevent the risk of accident. At all stations where footbridges or subways are provided special care
should be taken to prevent passengers using the Staff/Barrow crossings.
                                                                               LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06


Terminal platform lines and dead end bays
At a terminal station or dead-end bay where the Absolute Block System of Signalling is in force, a train may be allowed to
enter such platform line when it is already occupied by another train or vehicle provided the line is clear to the point to
which the train has to run.
No setting back movement should be made without the permission of the Signaller controlling the entrance of trains
travelling in the proper direction into the station, except that locomotives may closely follow trains departing from dead-end
platforms as far as the platform outlet signal.
After authorising a setting back movement, the Signaller must not allow any other movement on the line concerned until
he has satisfied himself that the setting back movement has been completed.
                                                                               LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06


WHEEL IMPACT LOAD DETECTORS (‘WheelChex’
equipment)
The equipment, installed in the track, is designed to minimise track and vehicle damage by detecting out-of-round wheels
or overloaded vehicles. In LNW South Route, equipment is located as follows:

Route                   Location                       Mileage                        Lines fitted
MD306                   Eckington                      75m 46ch                       Down and Up


If a train exerts an impact force on the track of 350 kilonewtons or more when passing a site, an alarm is sent to
Operations Control, from where arrangements will be made with the appropriate Signaller and the TOC Control to deal
with the train.
The train concerned will normally be stopped specially. Depending on the severity of the impact, the Signaller will instruct
the Driver not to exceed a specified maximum speed until the train/ vehicle can be taken out of service. The ‘alarm levels’
used are as follows:
Level 2 Alarm - Locomotive / Class 4 max speed 40mph, all other classes of Freight max. speed 30 mph, Passenger /
ECS max speed 50 mph.
Level 3 Alarm – all trains max. speed 20 mph.
Level 4 Alarm – all trains max speed 10 mph.
Level 1 alarms are warnings only and do not require trains to be stopped.
Operations Control and the appropriate TOC Control will confer as necessary on the arrangements to apply in each case;
generally this will follow the Contingency Plan for the operator concerned.
                                                                            LNW South Route GI - Dated: 15/09/2018




December 2009                                                 41
