LNW South Route Sectional Appendix Module LNW(S)1



Coasting boards
Rectangular shaped coasting boards, consisting of a white diamond sign on a black background mounted on a pole, are
positioned at the side of the line, at an appropriate distance on the approach side of stations, on the sections of the line
shown below. Drivers of EMU trains, which are running to time and are due to stop at the station concerned, must shut off
power at the coasting board and allow the train to coast before bringing the train to a normal stop at the platform.
Watford Junction to St. Albans Abbey
Euston to Watford Junction (DC lines)
Camden Junction to Northampton via Hanslope Junction (Slow Lines).
                                                                                 LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06


Dynamic Risk Assessment
This notice is to advise that Dynamic Risk Assessment process is authorised for use under trial conditions.
The purpose of DRA is to provide a continuous assessment of risk in the rapidly changing circumstances of an operational
incident, in order to implement control measures necessary to make certain of an acceptable level of safety.
Its application should be applied by operational management staff seeking to assess operational system risk, and identify
control measures that deliver a safety benefit in rapidly changing operational incidents affecting the normal operation of the
railway.
The Scope of DRA is currently restricted for trial purposes to London South Eastern route (Anglia, Kent Sussex), LNW
route, Scotland route and Western Route.
DRA can only be facilitated and implemented by those trained to do so.
                                                                                  LNW North Route GI - Dated: 01/02/14


Freightliner terminals with overhead line equipment
Limiting the movement of electrically hauled trains. At all Freightliner Terminals equipped for overhead electric traction
it is necessary to restrict the movement of a Freightliner train entering the Terminal to ensure that it is berthed within certain
prescribed limits, which are related to the termination of the overhead line equipment and the position of the pantograph
and the electric locomotive. An illuminated board lettered ‘Locomotive Stop-Await Instructions’ is provided at a minimum
distance of 12 feet 6 inches on the main line side of the last overhead electrification structure within the Terminal and
Drivers, when propelling, must bring their train to a stand when the locomotive reaches this board. All further propelling
movements from the board will be carried out under the direction of the Terminal Overseer who will ensure that the train is
correctly berthed.
To indicate the limiting tolerances within which a Freightliner train must be berthed in the Terminal a double row of ground
markers is provided on the Terminal side of the overhead line anchor structure. The Terminal Overseer will ensure that the
train is brought to a stand with the buffers on the outer end of the last Freightliner vehicle positioned between these rows of
markers and will, on no account, permit the train to over-run the inner row. When the train is berthed in this position, the
Terminal Overseer will ensure the locomotive is withdrawn to a point to or beyond the ‘Locomotive Stop-Await Instructions’
board.
                                                                                  LNW South Route GI - Dated: 07/10/06




December 2009                                                  23A
