Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




EA1060 - WICKFORD JN TO SOUTHMINSTER
Entire Line Of Route
Rule Book Module TW8, - Occupation and accommodation (including bridleway) level crossings with a telephone
In order to assist the Signaller at Liverpool Street to determine whether or not there is sufficient time for a crossing to be
used before the next train passes over it, Drivers may receive a call on the Cab Secure Radio asking them to confirm their
position with reference to a station. When safe to answer the call, Drivers should state their position, confirming whether
they are approaching, stopped at, or departed from a particular station.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/06/14
EA1060 - WICKFORD JN TO SOUTHMINSTER
Entire Line Of Route
Working of 12-Car Electric Multiple Unit Trains
Drivers of 12-car EMU trains on this route must not advance the power controller beyond notch 3.
                                                                                                              Dated: 03/09/11
EA1080 - MARKS TEY JN TO SUDBURY
MARKS TEY To SUDBURY
Trains leaving Sudbury Station
Two minutes before departure the driver must contact the signaller at Liverpool Street and get their permission to depart.
Before dispatching the train the guard (conductor) must verbally confirm with the driver that the signallers’ permission has
been given.
Delayed Trains
If a train in either direction is delayed during the course of its journey, the Driver must approach the level crossings listed
in the table above at caution and not continue pass the crossing until it is safe to do so.
Sudbury, Ladysbridge UWC                                58m 25ch
Cornard ABCL                                            57m 42ch
Shalfords UWC                                           56m 73ch
Sewage Works Lane UWC                                   56m 62ch
Casefield UWC                                           56m 36ch
Lamarsh School Lane UWC                                 54m 77ch
Mount Bures ABCL                                        52m 61ch
Church House Farm UWC                                   47m 50ch

                                                                                                              Dated: 12/01/19

EA1080 - MARKS TEY JN TO SUDBURY
CHAPPEL & WAKES COLNE
East Anglia-Route Railway Museum
A train for the Museum Siding will be signalled on to the Sudbury line in the normal way and must then be stopped at the
1-lever Marks Tey Ground Frame (located at approx. 47m 43ch.) The ground frame operator must then
•    ask the Signaller at Liverpool Street Signalling Centre to release the ground frame.
•    when the release is given the operator must press the plunger to release the lever and obtain the Annett’s key.
•    the ground frame operator may then continue with the train to Chappel & Wakes Colne, where the Annett’s key must
     be used to release the Museum Ground Frame, gaining access to the East Anglia-Route Railway Museum siding.
On completion of movements at the Museum Siding the ground frame operator must
• replace the Museum Ground Frame to normal to release the Annett’s key
• return with the train to Marks Tey Ground Frame
• replace the Annett’s key and normalise the release lever.
Before continuing with the train towards Marks Tey Station, the ground frame operator must telephone the Signaller to
confirm that the ground frame release has been replaced to normal. The operator must not leave until he has ensured
that this has been done.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06




August 2006                                                  326
