Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




EA1160 - BETHNAL GREEN EAST JN TO BISHOPS STORTFORD
HARLOW MILL

Trains setting back from Down Cambridge line to Up Yard Arrival Road/Down Goods Loop
When position light signal 5342 is cleared for the Up Yard Arrival Road/Down Goods Loop, the Driver is authorised to
commence setting back and the provisions of Rule Book Module SS2 – Shunting, are modified accordingly.
The following should be noted and complied with when setting back:
•    “Off” indicators are provided at both ends of Harlow Mill Down Platform. When illuminated they indicate that position
     light signal 5342 is showing “Proceed”.
•    If the indicator becomes extinguished while the setting-back movement is being made, the Driver must stop the
     movement immediately.
•    The Driver must proceed cautiously, keeping a sharp lookout for the Shunter, and be prepared to act on any
     handsignal displayed.
•    The “off” indicators are provided with telephones giving direct communication with Liverpool Street IECC (Harlow
     workstation). If the train is detained for more than two minutes, the Driver must use the telephone to communicate
     with the Signaller.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06
EA1160 - BETHNAL GREEN EAST JN TO BISHOPS STORTFORD
BISHOPS STORTFORD

Working over Up Cambridge and Up Passenger Loop Platform lines
Drivers of trains terminating at Bishops Stortford, on passing signal L1162 in the Up direction or signal L1153 in the Down
direction, must be prepared to stop at either of two illuminated “STOP HERE” signs on these platform lines.
Starting of trains
Trains which terminate and re-start with a new Train Description at the Up Passenger Loop platform 3 require the “Train
Ready to Start” (TRTS) plunger to be operated two minutes before the train is ready to depart. Platform staff, if available,
must operate the TRTS plunger. If platform staff are not available, the Driver must operate the TRTS plunger.
Up Siding No.2
The first train to enter the siding must proceed as far as the line is clear towards the buffer stops. A Stop board facing
trains leaving the siding is positioned 159m (164 yards) in rear of the siding exit signal (position light signal 5387), together
with a telephone providing direct communication with the Signaller. The Driver must obtain the Signaller’s permission
before passing this board.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06
EA1161 - BISHOPS STORTFORD TO ELY NORTH JN
GREAT CHESTERFORD To CAMBRIDGE

When it is necessary to introduce single line working in accordance with Rule Book Module P1 – Single line working, on
the Up Main line south of Shepreth Branch Jn. during the time that trains are also running to and from Royston, the
following method of working may be introduced:-
a)   The single line working on the Up Main line may be extended to Cambridge. Signals CA145 and CA149 (Down Main)
     will not apply to Down trains on the Up Main line. A Handsignaller must be appointed on the Up Main line (for Down
     Bishops Stortford trains) opposite signal CA145 and all trains will be stopped by the Handsignaller until authority is
     received from the Signaller for the train to proceed to signal CA647. All signals may be worked for Up trains towards
     Bishops Stortford.
b)   Trains to and from Royston must be worked over the Down Main line between Shepreth Branch Jn. and Cambridge in
     accordance with Rule Book Module P1 and a ‘Down Main line Pilotman’ appointed. All signals may be worked for
     Down trains, signals CA140 and CA142 will not apply to Up Royston trains on the Down Main line. A Handsignaller
     must be appointed at Shepreth Branch Jn. to authorise trains to the Up Royston line.
c)   The Pilotman must clearly identify themselves to Signaller, Drivers etc., as the ‘Down Main line Pilotman’ or the ‘Up
     Main line Pilotman’. The Down Main line Pilotman must wear a red armlet on both arms as a visual indication of his
     appointment.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06




August 2006                                                  328
