Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




EA1161 - BISHOPS STORTFORD TO ELY NORTH JN
CAMBRIDGE
Cambridge No. 3-16 Carriage Sidings and Headshunt.
The Yard Movements Controller is responsible for movements into these sidings and must ensure that the siding has
adequate space to accept the rolling stock and that any hand points are set correctly prior to accepting a train into the
sidings.
Once a train has arrived in the sidings no movement must be made without the authorisation of the Yard Movements
Controller. A train shall not proceed past a Stop and Await Instruction Board where provided without authorisation from a
Yard Shunter acting on the specific instructions of the Yard Movements Controller, or a Signaller during times of signalling
equipment failure.
Cambridge No.2 Reception Sidings
The Signaller is responsible for movements into this siding and must ensure that the siding has adequate space to accept
the rolling stock and that the London End hand points are set correctly by the Yard Shunter responsible for the Post Office
Ladder prior to accepting a train into the sidings.
Once a train has arrived in the sidings no movement must be made without the authorisation of the Signaller. A train shall
not proceed past CA682 Stop and Await Instruction Board without authorisation from the Signaller, or by the Yard Shunter
responsible for the Post Office Ladder acting on the specific instructions of the Signaller.
                                                                                                             Dated: 06/06/20
EA1161 - BISHOPS STORTFORD TO ELY NORTH JN
Chesterton Jn
The Driver or person in charge of a movement into this yard must ensure that the hand points are all correctly set for the
safety of the train. When the train has been brought to a stand and no further movements are required to be made, the
Signaller must be advised accordingly.
                                                                                                             Dated: 05/08/06
EA1161 - BISHOPS STORTFORD TO ELY NORTH JN
Chesterton Jn To Ely North Jn
Working of Electric Locomotives and Multiple Units
12 - car trains are not permitted to work north of Milton neutral section.
Electric locomotives with the pantograph raised are not permitted to work north of Milton neutral section.
This restriction is due to power supply limitations.
                                                                                                             Dated: 05/01/20




August 2006                                                  329
