Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1




Instructions for working ground frames and ground
switch panels released from signal boxes
Except where special instructions are issued, the following instructions apply:-
1. When it is necessary to operate a ground frame or ground switch panel, the operator must advise the Signaller of the
    intended movements and ask for the release, where necessary operating the Permission or Switch lever. When the
    ground frame/switch panel is released, it may be operated as required.
2. When the movements have been completed and the ground frame levers/switches have been restored to normal, the
    operator must advise the Signaller who must then relock the ground frame/switch panel. The operator ,must not leave
    until he has ascertained that this has been done.
3. Except in track circuit block areas, a train must not be shut inside at an intermediate sidings ground frame/switch
    panel for other trains to pass except where authorised in the Signallers special Instructions. When it is necessary for a
    train to be shut inside at an intermediate sidings ground frame/switch panel, the operator must advise the Signaller
    when the train complete with tail lamp attached has been shunted into the sidings clear of the running line and the
    ground frame levers/switches have been restored to normal.
4. In the event of any failure of the apparatus, the operator must act in accordance with the instructions given by the
    Signaller.
5. The operator must advise the Signaller if a mishap occurs which fouls any of the running lines and take whatever
    action is necessary to protect the obstruction.
6. If the Signaller is unable to obtain a normal indication when the ground frame/switch panel is relocked, he must:-
    • in the case of a ground frame, when the release switch in the signal box is in the normal position, or the release
          lever in the signal box is in the check lock position, ascertain from the operator if the levers at the ground frame
          which are released by the signal box are locked in the normal position. If the appropriate levers at the ground
          frame are locked in the normal position, trains may be allowed to proceed, but the signal immediately in rear of
          the ground frame must be treated as defective. If the appropriate levers at the ground frame are not locked in the
          normal position, a train must not be allowed to pass the signal immediately in rear of the ground frame until the
          points worked from the ground frame have been clipped, padlocked and scotched in the normal position.
    • in the case of a ground switch panel, before each train is authorised to pass the signal immediately in rear of the
          ground switch panel, obtain an assurance from the operator that the points controlled from the ground switch
          panel are indicated as being set in the proper position for the passage of the train. Alternatively, the ground
          switch panel may be left unattended, but a train must not be allowed to pass the signal immediately in rear of the
          ground switch panel until the points worked from the ground switch panel have been clipped, padlocked and
          scotched in the normal position.
7. Additional instructions applicable to ground switch panels
    • Before authorising a movement, the operator must check that the indicators show the points to be set in the
          proper position and if Single Line Working is in operation, place and maintain reminder appliances on the point
          switches until the movement has passed clear of the points.
    • When a ground switch panel is not in use, or if the operator has to leave the immediate vicinity of the ground
          switch panel when it is released, the cabinet door must be closed and locked.
    • A crank handle and key is provided at most ground switch panels and must only be used in accordance with the
          instructions of the Signaller.
                                                                                     Anglia Route GI - Dated: 05/08/06




August 2006                                                   24
