                                                          OFFICIAL
Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1



Description of the DLR system
The DLR works automatically without lineside signals, using Driverless trains which approach in either direction travelling
at a maximum speed of 50 m.p.h. Each train conveys a member of DLR staff called a ‘Train Captain’.
DLR trains will not sound an audible warning to persons on or near the line and employees on or near Network Rail lines
must not, therefore, except in emergency, go onto the DLR.
If employees called by the Signaller to work on the line consider that they cannot work safely with trains running on the
adjoining DLR line, they must not commence work until an assurance has been received from the Signaller that DLR trains
have been stopped.
If an emergency/mishap occurs on Network Rail lines that requires the stopping of DLR trains, then one of the emergency
stop buttons must be pressed. These buttons are coloured red, in red cases with a clear perspex cover, located on posts a
metre high. They are situated between the Network Rail and DLR lines at approximately 100 metre intervals.
Traincrew required to work on outside of train
Traincrew must not commence work on the side of a train where there are marker posts or a white board between the
Network Rail line and the adjoining DLR line unless they have received an assurance from the Signaller that trains on the
adjoining DLR line have been stopped.
Between Bow Jn & Stratford, and between Christian Street Jn. & Limehouse
Between Bow Jn. and Stratford, and between Christian Street Jn. and Limehouse in the vicinity of the closed Shadwell
station, marker posts are provided in the 10-foot between the Network Rail line and the adjacent DLR line to identify the
point beyond which employees must not proceed. When employees stand clear of the Network Rail line they must stand
against one of these posts.
• Between Christian Street Jn. and Limehouse (except in the vicinity of the closed Shadwell Station), the only position
     of safety is on the north (Down) side of the viaduct and, on the approach of a train on the up or down Fenchurch St to
     Shoeburyness lines, employees must immediately proceed to the north side.
• Between Christian Street Jn. and Limehouse persons must not, except in emergency, cross the white board between
     the Network Rail and DLR lines. If unavoidable circumstances compel employees to remain between the Network Rail
     and DLR lines when trains pass, they must lie down against the Network Rail side of the board. It is important that this
     instruction is observed as the collector shoes of DLR trains pass in close proximity to the DLR side of the board.
Flooding of Permanent Way
Any person becoming aware of an LUL or DLR line becoming flooded above sleeper level, must telephone the Signaller at
Liverpool Street I.E.C.C., Upminster I.E.C.C. or the Electrical Control Operator at Romford directly or on BT 020 7538
3440, who will then arrange for the relevant LUL or DLR control to be advised.
All concerned are warned that when flood water is lying on the surface of the permanent way, they must take care not to
step into the water, as it may be highly charged with electricity.
Where circumstances arise causing it to be necessary for any person to step into the water, the conductor rail must be
isolated before he does so.
All concerned must observe the provisions of Rule Book Module M3 – Managing incidents, floods and snow concerning
the movement of trains over lines which are flooded.
Detraining of Passengers in an Emergency
Should it be necessary for passengers to be detrained, other than at a platform, any conductor rails alongside or over
which the passengers may have to walk must be isolated.
Dangerous to touch Collector Shoes
Collector shoes of a D.C. electrical multiple unit are connected together by cables and whether in contact with the
conductor rail or not must be considered dangerous to life.
                                                                                  Anglia Route GI - Dated: 07/06/2014

NR/SP/ELP/29987 Working on or about 25 kV A.C.
Electrified Lines
NR/BS/LI/131 - Dual Voltage (AC/DC) Electrified Lines

When a section of overhead line is blocked to electric trains the following procedure must be followed before a dual
voltage electric train running in DC mode is allowed to pass through the affected section of railway line:
    •    the train has been brought to a stand at the protecting signal, and
    •    the Driver advised that the line ahead has been blocked to AC electric trains, giving the limits of the blockage,
         and
    •    an assurance obtained from the Driver that the pantograph has been and will remain lowered until the entire train
         is clear of the area affected.
                                                                                    Anglia Route GI - Dated: 06/06/09




August 2006                                                   25
