Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1




Rule Book Module G1 - General safety responsibilities
Section 5 - Communications procedure
Using GSM-R berth triggered messages and non-verbal acknowledgement to caution Drivers

It is now authorised to use to caution Drivers via operational safety messages for 5 scenarios using a GSM-R
berth-triggered broadcast, with the Driver confirming receipt and acknowledging a clear understanding of the
broadcast by using the GSM-R ‘ST’ acknowledgement button. All GSM-R Fitted Units in the area will receive
these Broadcasts. The berth triggered safety broadcasts process can be used for live events for the five
scenarios listed:

     Poor railhead conditions.
     Animals on the line.
     Defective Emergency Indicators.
     Wheel Impact Load Detector Activations.
     Unusual events (Not Track or Signalling).
Drivers of services not fitted with version 3.5 software may disregard the GSM-R berth triggered safety
broadcast for,
     Poor railhead conditions.
     Animals on the line.
     Defective Emergency Indicators.
     Wheel Impact Load Detector Activations.
     Unusual events (Not Track or Signalling).
The berth trigger broadcasts will be in the following areas:
The berth trigger broadcasts will be on all Anglia Routes, subject to Signal Box Special Instructions.

Methodology

1. Signaller records the berth triggered safety broadcast to a set script and stores it on the system.
2. Signaller sets up the berth triggered safety broadcast at the appropriate signal berth.
3. Signaller will maintain the protecting signal at danger. This is the signal where the Signaller would stop and
   caution the train if the Signaller does not receive the acknowledgement.
4. The safety broadcast will be made automatically to each train occupying the designated berth(s).
5. The Driver acknowledges that the safety broadcast has been received and that it has been understood by
   pressing the ST Button.
6. The protecting signal is maintained at danger until the signaller has received an acknowledgement from
   the approaching train. The acknowledgement will be an ‘Acknowledgement’ (ACK) message from the
   Driver.
7. The protecting signal may be cleared when the Signaller receives the acknowledgement message.
8. If the acknowledgement message is not received by the Signaller the protecting signal remains at danger
   and the Driver obeys all signals as normal.
9. When the caution message is received and acknowledged by the Driver they will continue to obey all
   signals and apply the appropriate rule over the section of line.




August 2006                                             6A
