                                                            OFFICIAL
Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1




Rule Book Module TW1 - Preparation and movement of
trains :
Section 5.1 - Broken, distorted or damaged rails and broken fishplates
Broken or Distorted Rails in Tunnels
This instruction applies only to those tunnels listed below and designated in the Signalling & Remarks column of Table A.
The Rail Defect Examiner or Rail Defect Nominee who is certified competent in examining broken or distorted rails, may
authorise trains to proceed over a broken or distorted rail or a rail with broken fishplates in the tunnels listed below and
designated in Table A, provided the following conditions are met:-
    •    All conditions which allow trains to travel over the rail apply.
    •    The person conducting the examination of the rail is supplied with a torch of sufficient power to effectively
         examine the rail and a handlamp capable of displaying a red handsignal.
    •    Where provided, the tunnel lights are switched on.
    •    The affected line must be blocked to all traffic prior to any examination of the rail taking place.
    •    The person conducting the examination of the rail, must come to a complete understanding with the Signaller
         concerned before entering the tunnel.
    •    During the passage of a train over the rail, the person conducting the examination, MUST be standing in the
         following positions of safety as listed in the table below:-
     Tunnel                            Position of safety during the passage of a train over the broken rail

     Bishopsgate,
     Queens Road,
     Clapton,
     Audley End,
     Littlebury,                       If possible, outside of the tunnel, or in a refuge on the opposite side of
                                       the tunnel to the affected line and at least 15 yards on the approach to
     Stoke Newington,                  the broken or distorted rail.
     Hoe Street,
     Hampstead Heath
     Ipswich
     Crouch Hill
     Stansted Airport,*
     Warren Hill,*
                                       Outside of the tunnel
     Covered Way (Gospel
     Oak).#
     *This instruction must only be complied with for this tunnel, if the broken or distorted rail is within 250
     yards of either tunnel entrance.
     .# This instruction does not apply to the Up & Down lines to/from Carlton Road Jn.

The speed restriction of 5 mph over the rail must be imposed from tunnel portal to tunnel portal, except where signals
within the tunnel can be used to more clearly define the portion of line concerned.
NO TRAIN is allowed to pass over the adjoining line in the tunnel while a train is passing over the broken or distorted rail.
                                                                                       Anglia Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13


Rule Book Module TW1 - Preparation and movement of
trains : General
Section 7 Hauling dead traction units
When more than two locomotives (including hauling and dead locomotives) are to be coupled together, it will not be
necessary to obtain the authority provided the conditions in the Route Availability of Diesel and Electric Locomotives
booklet are observed.

                                                                                       Anglia Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13




August 2006                                                     11
