Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2



EA1011 - SEVEN KINGS TO IPSWICH
COLCHESTER
Up passenger trains working into No. 1 Platform Line
When it is necessary for passenger trains to proceed over the Up Goods line, drivers must stop the train in platform 1 in a
position to allow passengers at the front of the train to alight safely.
Trains or locomotives leaving the Carriage Sidings or Diesel Depot.
Stop Boards are provided at the London end of the Diesel Depot Sidings and also at the station end of the Diesel Depot
and Carriage Sidings in rear of signal CO1059 and these boards must not be passed until the authority of the Shunter or
Signaller has been obtained.
Diesel Depot
Drivers entering either of the depot lines must proceed with caution and be prepared to find a red flag by day or red light at
night in rear of any diesel loco/unit that may be standing on these lines. On no account must these be passed.
The following procedure will be followed in the event of further vehicles requiring to enter the line concerned.
• the loco/unit should be drawn up close to the flags or lights
• when stopped, an additional red flag/light will be placed at the first socket in rear of this loco/unit.
• Remove the flag/light to the front of the loco/unit.
Traincrew entering the Depot must at all times keep a sharp lookout for such red flags or lights.
In addition to the red flags/lights positioned on the line on which fuelling is to take place, Traincrew must be prepared to
find red flags or lights on the adjacent Depot line even though fuelling is not taking place on that line.
                                                                                                            Dated: 31/08/09




EA1011 - SEVEN KINGS TO IPSWICH
COLCHESTER STATION - BMU

Static Changeover for Bi-Mode Units (BMU)

Signage for Class 755
New signage is being introduced; this signage will only apply to Class 755 trains. The signage is for Class 755 trains to
PAN DOWN will be located alongside Stop Car Marker Boards at each station.
The new signs and their meanings are shown below:
Changing from Electric to Diesel:
This sign warns the driver that there is a
traction supply changeover from AC to
Diesel.
pid=9408; href=b447eca8-3daf_Img_9408.gif;This signage has been introduced in the following Locations:
Station Location       ELR        Platform (s)      Direction                           Instructions Applied

    Colchester          LTN        1,2,4 & 3/6          Up          Diesel mode for trains bound for Sudbury Line
                                                                    (Pantograph Lowered)
                                                                                                            Dated: 16/02/20




August 2006                                                  321A
