Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1


Handbook 8 / 21 –COSS, IWA, PC or SWL blocking a line
Rule Book Module TS1, Regulation 13.2 –COSS, IWA, PC or SWL blocking a line
Rule Book Module T3, Possession of a running line for engineering work
Swing bridges at Trowse, Reedham, Somerleyton and Oulton Broad
Rule Book Modules TS1, Regulation 13.2
When a blockage is to be arranged which will include the signal section that passes over the swing bridge then the
COSS/IWA or SWL must come to a clear understanding that either:
the swing bridge will remain closed to river traffic for the duration of the blockage.
    OR
the signaller will obtain the COSS/IWA or SWL’s authority before opening the bridge to river traffic.

Rule Book Module T3
Note: Whenever possible, possessions should always be planned so that the swing bridge is outside the possession limits.
When a T3 possession is to be arranged which includes a swing bridge, and any point within 100 yards/metres of the
swing bridge, then one of the following methods of protection must be adopted.
A        When no work is required to take place on or within 100 yards/metres of the swing bridge and no
         engineering trains or on-track plant is working within the overall possession.
         It is not necessary to provide marker boards to protect the bridge; however, the signaller must obtain the authority
         of the PICOP to open the bridge to river traffic as required. Where possible, before granting the possession to
         the PICOP, the signaller will advise the PICOP of any river traffic that may be required to pass the bridge during
         the possession.
B        When no work is required to take place on or within 300 yards/metres of the swing bridge and
         engineering trains or on-track plant are working within a worksite which is more than 300 yards/metres
         from the swing bridge.
         A separate worksite must be created to protect the bridge. When the swing bridge worksite marker boards (Must
         be positioned 100 yards/metres from either side.) have been put in place and the T3 has been granted, the
         PICOP must advise the signaller that the bridge may be operated as normal. In these circumstances the PICOP
         must act as, or appoint an ES or SWL for the bridge worksite
         When an engineering train or on-track plant is required to pass through the swing bridge worksite.
         The PICOP must receive an assurance from the signaller that the swing bridge is closed and secured for rail
         traffic before arranging with the ES or SWL for the movement to pass the worksite marker board. When the
         movement has passed clear of the worksite and the marker boards reinstated; the PICOP must advise the
         signaller that the bridge can again be operated as normal
C        When work is required to take place within 300 yards/metres of the swing bridge and engineering trains
         or on-track plant is working within 300 yards/metres of the swing bridge.
         In these circumstances, a separate worksite for the swing bridge(s) is not required as the swing bridge(s) will be
         part of a larger worksite.
         The signaller and PICOP must agree prior to the possession being granted that the swing bridge will remain
         closed to river traffic for the duration of the possession.


 If, in unforeseen circumstances, the swing bridge is required to be opened to river traffic. A temporary swing bridge
 worksite must be created and the conditions as described in B above applied before the bridge is operated. The
 temporary swing bridge worksite may be withdrawn once the swing bridge is closed, and will no longer be required to
 operate.

                                                                                 Anglia Route GI – Dated: 11/08/2018


Handbook 8 & HB21- IWA, COSS,PC or SWL blocking a
line & Module TS1 – General Signalling Regulations
Line Blockage Change of COSS
If you are a new COSS taking duty you must tell the Signaller
If you are the new COSS when a signal box that has been closed is reopened, you must tell the signaller that the COSS
has changed.
Where a PC or SWL is appointed, the PC or SWL must carryout the role of the COSS as described above when
applicable.
                                                                                    Anglia Route GI - Dated: 06/12/14



August 2006                                                   13
