                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN724 - HOLGATE JN. TO SKELTON JN.
       Holgate Jn To Skelton Jn
       York Yard North Sidings / Klondyke Yard / Turntable
       Before proceeding towards No1 Independent siding / Turntable, the traincrew must have the necessary
       competence to operate the equipment. York ROC, York North Workstation signaller may signal a train into the
       area providing they have assurance that no conflicting moves have been authorised.
       The person in charge of train movements in the siding is responsible for authorising train movements within
       the siding and up to the “Stop Await Instructions” departure board. A movement may only be authorised to
       pass a stop board providing no conflicting movement has been authorised or signalled.
       No vehicles must be left stabled on No.1 Independent siding or the turntable area.
                                                           Dated: 20/07/19

       LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
       Balne Lane To Copley Hill West Jn.
       Single Line Working over the Up Doncaster line - Rule Book Module P1

       When Single Line Working is in operation over the Up Doncaster line, it will not be necessary to appoint a Handsignaller
       for Down direction trains. Drivers of Down direction trains must be instructed by the Pilotman to obey signal L3597. Rule
       Book, Module P1, Section 3.5a) and Section 6.2a) are modified accordingly.
       Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the Pilotman. Section 7.1 is modified
       accordingly.
       The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
       Leeds West Jn
       Signal Passed at Danger (SpaD) Indicators
       Drivers MUST STOP if they see a SpaD indicator illuminated irrespective of whether or not the indication applies to the
       line on which they are traveling, unless they have been given authority to pass it by the Signaller on the Leeds West
       Workstation, at York ROC.
       SpaD indicators are provided in advance of the following signals:-
                 Signal Number                   Location

       L3642
           )    One Indicator for     Leeds West Jn B Line Up direction
       L3640
           )    both lines            Leeds West Jn C Line Up direction
       L3638                          Leeds West Jn D Line Up direction
       L3636                          Leeds West Jn E Line Up direction
       L3634                          Leeds West Jn F Line Up direction
                                                           Dated: 27/12/18




       December 2006                 136
