London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3




LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
Heaton Depot

1. Movements Onto Shed Roads
1.1 At the Stopboard/warning light in advance of the shed entrance the Driver must bring his train to a stand. The Shunter
must ensure that the derailer, where fitted, is clear of the line, before giving the Driver permission to proceed. the driver
must ensure that the associated white light is illuminated and sound the horn before proceeding
1.2 The movement proceeding towards the shed will operate a treadle switch which causes a continuous bell to sound
accompanied by a flashing white light over the road on which the movement is taking place. The Driver must sound the
horn before entering the shed.
1.3 In the event of failure of the white light, which authorises a movement to commence the defect should be reported to
the Team Leader, Production who will investigate the fault and arrange repairs. During any repair period the emergency
depot procedure must be instigated to allow movements to continue.
2. Movements out of Sheds
2.1 Before a train or vehicle is moved, the shunter in charge shall ensure that the protection has been removed by
observing that the red warning and red overhead lights are out and where fitted derailers are clear of the line.
2.2 Before starting a move inside or to move out of the shed, the shunter, after removing scotches and releasing hand
brakes where necessary, and after ensuring that it is safe to move, must first operate the manual push button to initiate the
bell and visual warning. Before departing out of the shed the driver must, upon receiving the Shunter’s authority to
proceed, ensure that the associated white light is illuminated and sound the horn before proceeding.
2.3 In the event of failure of the white light, which authorises a movement to commence the defect should be reported to
the Team Leader Production who will investigate the fault and arrange repairs. During any repair period the emergency
depot procedure must be instigated to allow movements to continue.
NB Action if Warning Bell and/or White Lights Cease to Operate
If the warning bell/white lights stop before the movement is completed, the train must be brought to a stand and movement
must not start again until the manual push button has been operated which reactivates the warning system.
3. Movements within the Yard
3.1 Arrivals from Newcastle
A locomotive, after being detached from a train in the reception roads, must draw forward to the "STOP AND
TELEPHONE" board where the Driver must obtain instructions from the shunter.
Trains or light locomotives entering Heaton Depot via CT.19 or CT.13 signals must be held at those signals until the
shunter has joined such train or locomotive and a clear understanding reached between the Control Tower and the
shunter as to the extent of the movement before the appropriate signal is cleared. The shunter must remain with the train
or locomotive throughout the movement and inform the Control Tower when the movement is complete.
3.2 Arrivals from the North End (Benton)
Assurance must be given to the Control Tower by the shunter that all necessary hand points have been set for a train
arriving via the North End of the Depot before clearance is given for such movement. The train must be accompanied by
the shunter from 3107 points leading from the Up Main Line.
3.3 When a train is ready to depart the Driver or Shunter must advise the Control Tower. When the “Train Ready” indicator
becomes illuminated the train may proceed to the next signal.
When the train is ready to depart the Guard must advise the control Tower. When the "Train Ready" indicator becomes
illuminated the train may proceed to the next signal.
3.4 Departures via the North End (Benton)
All trains departing from Heaton via the North End must be accompanied by the shunter throughout the movement up to
signal T609.
3.5 Heaton South Junction
Movements from the primary departure sidings to the reception roads at the Heaton South Junction end of the Yard must
only be made when routed via signals T594 and T572




December 2006                                                 44
