                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6


       LN818 - HOLMES CURVE
       Rotherham Central Jn To Holmes Jn

       Rule Book Module P2 – Working single and bi-directional lines by Pilotman
       Up Holmes Curve Down line
       During a signal failure/disconnection, or track circuit failure, or level crossing equipment failure, working by Pilotman is not
       necessary provided that trains are signalled in one direction only.
       When working in one direction only the signal controlling the entrance to the single line may be cleared if available.
       A Pilotman MUST be provided if trains are required to run in both directions.
                                                           Dated: 04/06/11


       LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
       Rotherham Central Station

       Safety of Personnel/Restricted Clearance
       A one metre high intermediate fence is provided through the full length of the low level Tram Train Platforms 3 and 4 (04m
       52ch to 04m 60ch) for the purposes of trespass prevention, restricting access between the Up and Down Tinsley lines.
                                                           Dated: 06/05/18


       LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
       Tinsley North to Parkgate Jn

       Recovery of Failed Tram Train Vehicles
       Tram Trains carry detonators and drivers are trained to implement Emergency Protection or Assistance Protection in
       accordance with Module M1 / 4 and Module M2 / 4 where circumstances require it. However, when a Tram Train is to be
       assisted by other than another Class 399 Tram Train, a mobile assistance team must be sent from Nunnery Depot. They
       will be equipped with an emergency coupler and will assist the Tram Train Driver in coupling up to an assisting train.


                                                           Dated: 06/05/18


       LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
       Tinsley North Jn to Parkgate Jn

       Instructions To Train Crews And Other Persons Concerned Working On Network Rail Lines Used By South
       Yorkshire P.T.E. Supertram Tram Train Services
       Supertram Tram Train services operate over Network Rail infrastructure between Tinsley North Jn and Parkgate Jn.
       Between Tinsley North Jn and Parkgate Jn Network Rail infrastructure is electrified at 750V DC overhead and must be
       regarded as live at all times. The provisions of Rule Book Module AC must be observed as far as is practicable. The
       overhead line equipment between Tinsley North Jn and Parkgate Jn is controlled by the Network Rail Electrical Control at
       York. Any incident affecting the overhead line equipment must be reported to the Electrical Control Operator at York. (Int.
       037 5622 Ext. 01904 525622). Bi-mode AC traction must not raise pantographs in any DC sections.
       Class 399 Tram Train vehicles have a different profile to standard train vehicles and lack front yellow warning panels. The
       vehicle lighting is also non-standard incorporating lower intensity headlights and orange sidelights below sole bar level.
       The vehicle employs an electronic horn which has a different tone to a regular air horn. Train crews and persons working
       lineside should note the above differences between Tram Train vehicles and standard rolling stock.
       Hazard Warning Lights
       The Class 399 Hazard Warning light arrangement is non-standard incorporating flashing orange indicator lights and
       orange side lights in tandem with flashing headlights, but at a lower frequency. Train crews and persons working lineside
       should note this difference from standard rolling stock for identifying a Tram Train vehicle in potential distress.
                                                           Dated: 06/10/18




       December 2006                 50
