London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
Dawdon Jn
RULE BOOK MODULE P1
Single Line working over the Up Sunderland line between Lancaster Road Jn and Dawdon Jn.
When single line working is in operation over the Up Sunderland line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller for
Down direction trains. Drivers of Down direction trains must be instructed by the pilotman to obey signal NS7171.
Rule Book Module P1 Sections 3.5a) and 6.2a) are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Down trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the pilotman.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
Single Line working over the Down Sunderland line between Ryhope Grange and Dawdon Jn.
When single line working is in operation over the Down Sunderland line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller
for Up direction trains. Drivers of Up direction trains must be instructed by the pilotman to obey Signal NS7168.
Rule Book Module P1 Sections 3.5a) and 6.2a) are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the pilotman.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                                                                            Dated: 15/11/10

LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
Rule Book Module P1
Single Line working over the Down Sunderland line between Dawdon Jn and Hartlepool Station.
When single line working is in operation over the Down Sunderland line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller
for Up direction trains. Drivers of Up direction trains must be instructed by the pilotman to obey signal NS7128.
Rule Book module P1 sections 3.5a) and 6.2a) are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the pilotman.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                                                                            Dated: 14/01/12

LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
Ryhope Grange SB (RG) To Pelaw Jn for Leamside
TPWS/INDUSI Automatic Train Stop
All trains, other than Metro trains, running between Ryhope Grange and Pelaw Jn must be fitted with operative TPWS in
the leading cab.
The Indusi Automatic Train Stop must be operative in the leading cab of all Metro trains running on Network Rail
infrastructure.
A train on which the TPWS has failed must not be allowed to proceed beyond:
       • Hartlepool or Ryhope Grange if it is a Down train or
       • Pelaw Junction if it is an Up train.
       • Boldon North Junction (if it is a train from Tyne Dock)
If a failure of the TPWS occurs beyond these locations, or the Indusi Automatic Train Stop fails on a Metro train whilst on
Network Rail Infrastructure, the Driver must immediately stop the train and advise the Signaller of the circumstances. The
Signaller must liaise with Network Rail Control York, to establish where the train is to be taken out of service, or reverse so
that it may return driven from a cab with operative TPWS or Automatic Train Stop. The most suitable of the following
locations must be used to stable the train until either repairs can be carried out or assistance is given by a train fitted with
working TPWS or Indusi Automatic Train Stop:-
1. East Boldon Up Loop
2. Sunderland Sidings 1 and 2
If it is not possible to utilise the above locations, the train may be allowed to proceed beyond Sunderland South Junction
or Pelaw Metro Junction as appropriate provided the Signaller has obtained the permission of Network Rail Control, York.
Before authorising a train with failed TPWS or Indusi Automatic Train Stop to proceed, the Signaller must advise the Driver
where the train is to proceed to. The Signaller must ensure the line ahead on which the train is to proceed is clear of
movements through to the location where the train will be taken out of service, or pass beyond the area used by Metro
trains. Where possible, all signals on the affected route must be cleared before the movement starts.
                                                                                                            Dated: 15/11/08




December 2006                                                 89
