London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



LN678 - DARLINGTON NORTH JN TO EASTGATE
HEIGHINGTON
Handbook 8, Section 1.2: Arranging to block the line
T845/T847 replacement switch can be relied upon for the protection of work defined in Handbook 8 Section 1.2
The Signaller at Tyneside (Darlington Workstation) must be advised under these circumstances.
                                                                                                           Dated: 10/01/15
LN678 - DARLINGTON NORTH JN TO EASTGATE
HEIGHINGTON
Rule Book Module P2, Section 1.1: Working of Single and Bi-Directional Lines by Pilotman
It will not be necessary to institute the requirements of Rule Book Module P2 1.1 during the failure of any of the above
track circuits provided that the Signaller can ascertain that they are clear.
                                                                                                           Dated: 10/01/15
LN678 - DARLINGTON NORTH JN TO EASTGATE
Between SHILDON and BISHOP AUCKLAND
Rule Book Module P2, Section 7: Modified Working Arrangements on Single Lines

If the signalling system fails and a Pilotman is not immediately available, provided the authority of the Responsible
Manager is obtained, Modified Working Arrangements may be introduced between Shildon & Bishop Auckland.
When the Responsible Person has authorised introduction of the arrangements to allow a train to proceed without being
accompanied by a Pilotman in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module P2, Section 7 the Signaller will:-
    •    Tell the driver what is happening
    •    Dictate form RT3177 to the Driver
    •    Instruct the driver to pass the signal at danger, as shown in Part A of Module S5 Passing a Signal at Danger
    •    Instruct the driver to confirm the train has arrived at Bishop Auckland complete with tail lamp
The Responsible Manager must authorise the Modified Working Arrangements for each train to pass through the single
line block section.
Working by Pilotman, as shown in Module P2, must be introduced as quickly as possible. The changeover to Working by
Pilotman must be authorised by the Responsible Person.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/12/13
LN678 - DARLINGTON NORTH JN TO EASTGATE
Weardale Railway (WR)
The line from Bishop Auckland to Eastgate is operated by the Weardale Railway CIC
A double sided board is provided at 11m 31ch at Bishop Auckland to indicate the infrastructure boundary between
Network Rail & Weardale Railway
The Weardale Railway Duty Manager (WRDM) will be responsible for the operation of trains on WR infrastructure. He can
be contacted through the WR Control Office - telephone No. 01388 526606
The One Train Working Regulations with Train Staff (Rule Book Module TW1, Section 32), as modified in these
instructions, apply to the single line between Bishop Auckland (N.R.) & the end of section board at Bishop Auckland West
(WR). The train staff is located at Shildon signal box when not in use.
The operation of trains between Bishop Auckland West (W.R.) & Eastgate are subject to instructions issued by WR.
 Drivers of Down trains must stop at Shildon signal box to obtain the train staff. The signaller will give you any necessary
instructions. Drivers must be in possession of the train staff before entering the OTW section at Bishop Auckland. The
train staff must be handed to the WR agent on arrival at the end of section board at Bishops Auckland West (W.R.).
 Drivers of Up trains must obtain the train staff & receive any necessary instructions from the WR agent at Bishop
Auckland West (W.R.) before entering the OTW section to Bishop Auckland S36 signal. The train staff must be handed to
the signaller on arrival at Shildon.
Any incidents occurring on WR infrastructure must be reported to the Weardale Railway Duty Manager.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




December 2006                                               118
