                                   OFFICIAL


      London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4



      Stabling of trains in Nottingham station.
      Diesel multiple units with parking brakes and Class 252/3 HST trains may be stabled in the platforms. Any other type of stock
      must only be stabled after a risk assessment has demonstrated it is safe to do so.
      NOTTINGHAM EAST JN
      Cleaning of Diesel Multiple Units in Platforms 6 and 7.
      Drivers of trains working into platform 6 or 7, must be prepared to bring their trains to a stand at the red lamp provided 15 yards
      from the end of diesel multiple units during carriage cleaning operations. No movement in any direction must be made by the
      Driver of a train on Platform Lines 6 and 7 until they have received the permission of the Person in Charge of the platforms and
      all Train Not To Be Moved Boards have been removed from the exterior of the diesel multiple units.
      EASTCROFT TRAIN MAINTENANCE DEPOT
      General. All movements to, within and from Eastcroft Train Maintenance Depot are under control of the Shunter.
      Movements entering Eastcroft Train Maintenance Depot from Nottingham Station.
      Drivers of trains requiring to proceed to the Eastcroft Train Maintenance Depot must contact the Person in Charge at
      Nottingham Station. The Person in Charge must advise the Shunter at Eastcroft Train Mainenance Depot of the movement
      required. The Shunter must then request the Nottingham Workstation Signaller to set the route for the movement, the train may
      proceed to the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ board. The Shunter will check that all handpoints are correctly set for the movement
      and when this has been done, authorise the Driver to proceed.
      Movements requiring to be made from one siding to another.
      Any movement requiring to be made from one siding to another must pass clear of all hand points so that the whole train is on
      the Nottingham station side of the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ board. The Shunter will contact the Signaller at the EMCC
      Nottingham Workstation and request the clearance of signal NN.4012 for such movements. Movements exceeding three
      vehicles will be routed towards Nottingham station. Movements of three vehicles or less will be routed towards the neck.
      All trains requiring to be fuelled.
      Movements beyond the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ board at each end of Fuelling Point are controlled by the ‘Designated
      Person’. The ‘Designated Person’ is identified by an orange arm band with the letters D.P. in black. Drivers of trains onto and off
      the fuelling bay must only proceed when authorised to do so by the ‘Designated Person’. The movement must then stop clear of
      all lines and await the Shunter’s instructions.
      Departing movements. The Shunter will advise the Signaller at the EMCC Nottingham Workstation and give permission for
      movements departing the sidings to proceed only as far as signal NN.4012 or NN.4014.
                                                            Dated: 11/02/2023

      LN3204 - TRENT SOUTH JUNCTION TO NOTTINGHAM EAST JUNCTION
      NOTTINGHAM

      THIS INSTRUCTION IS TO BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH SECTION B OF THE RELEVANT WEEKLY
      OPERATING NOTICE.

      USE OF POSSESSION LIMIT VEHICLES

      Nottingham Station is permitted to use ECS vehicles in any platform during a possession of a running line for
      engineering work.

      These vehicles will act as the “Possession Limit” in place of the usual PLB and detonators.
      At the other extreme of the possession the standard protection of a PLB and 3 detonators will be used.




      December 2006                 172
