                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




       WORKING OF OFFICERS SPECIALS
       Trains comprising of a locomotive and saloon only, run for Railway Officers, will not be accompanied by a Guard. Drivers
       and Trainmen when working such trains, must carry out the Rules and Regulations applicable to the Driver in charge of a
       light locomotive.
       The Driver will be responsible for satisfying himself that the saloon is properly coupled to the locomotive, including the
       brake pipe, and for ensuring a satisfactory brake test is made from the saloon.
       Trains conveying more than a single saloon must be accompanied by a Guard.
       Subject to the instructions in Rule Book Module SP, Section 2 and any other permissible or temporary speed restrictions,
       officers' saloons may run at the speed stencilled on them when hauled. When propelled speed must not exceed 30 m.p.h.
                                       London North Eastern Route GI - Dated:07/12/13


       WORKING OF TRAFFIC ON A RECEPTION LINE/SIDING
       When vehicles are to be placed on a Reception Line/Siding through a connection not operated from a signal box, the
       person-in-charge must first obtain permission from the Signaller, giving details of the movement involved. Should the
       movement be contrary to the direction in which trains normally enter the Reception Line/Siding the Signaller must be
       advised when the vehicles are stopped, and no further backward movement is to be made. In such circumstances the
       Signaller must not allow a train to enter the Reception Line/ Siding until he has received this advice.
       A tail lamp showing a red light must be placed on the rearmost vehicle facing the direction from which trains normally enter
       the Reception Line/Siding. Where a Reception Line/Siding is normally worked in both directions a tail lamp must be
       placed at both ends of the vehicles.
                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06


       WORKING OF TRAINS NOT FITTED THROUGHOUT WITH
       THE CONTINUOUS BRAKE
       1.Trains not fitted throughout with the continuous brake may only run where specially authorised in Table B of the
         Sectional Appendix.
       2.A Brake van, in which the Guard must ride, must be provided at the rear of the train.
         The Guard must ensure that two side lamps are carried on the rearmost brakevan. During darkness, fog or falling
         snow or when passing through a tunnel, they must show a white light forward. The indication to the rear must be red
         except as follows:-
         a)trains in the reverse direction on a bidirectional double line must exhibit a white light on the side next to the other
           line and a red light on the opposite side.
         b)trains on a relief or slow line and trains on a goods line or loop adjacent to a main or fast line must exhibit a white
           light on the side next to the main or fast line and a red light on the opposite line.
         The Guard must change the side light indication as necessary during the journey. The side lights must be removed
         when the train has passed into a reception siding.
         The Guard must apply the hand brake as necessary to steady the train when travelling down a gradient and take care
         not to lock the wheels. He must also apply the hand brake as soon as he becomes aware that the Driver is applying
         the brakes unless instructions are issued to the contrary. If the Driver requires the Guard to apply the hand brake, he
         must give three short blasts on the horn and repeat this as necessary.
         The Guard must apply the hand brake before leaving his brakevan.
       3.Speed must not exceed 25 mph or such lower speed as may be laid down. The Driver must look back frequently,
         particularly when accelerating, to check that the whole train is following in order. If the train is stopped abruptly, the
         Driver must go back and ascertain whether any vehicle is lock buffered or derailed or the Guard is hurt.
       4.The train must stop before descending any steep incline specified in the Working Timetable or loads tables and any
         other incline as required by the Driver. Unless the Driver is then satisfied that the load is small enough to ensure that
         the train can proceed without applying the wagon brakes; the Guard must apply the number of wagon brakes required
         by the Driver, these must be immediately behind the locomotive or fitted head. The train may then be restarted and
         drawn slowly on to the incline. If there are too few (too many) brakes applied, the Driver must stop immediately and
         give six blasts on the horn (given 3-3). He must then instruct the Guard to adjust the brakes accordingly. The Driver
         must carefully control the speed of the train down
                                      the incline and the guard must observe the speed. The
         locomotive and brakevan brakes must be kept in reserve and used only if necessary to stop the train. The train must
         stop at the foot of the incline to enable the brake to be released.
                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 54
