                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




INSTRUCTIONS FOR WORKING GROUND FRAMES AND
GROUND SWITCH PANELS RELEASED FROM SIGNAL
BOXES
Except where special instructions are issued, the following instructions and Rule Book Module SS2, Section 4.7 and
Module TS1, Regulation 8, apply:-
1.   When it is required, to operate a ground frame or ground switch panel, the operator must advise the Signaller of the
     intended movements and ask for the release, where necessary, operating the Permission or Switch lever. When the
     ground frame/switch panel is released, it may be operated as required.
2.   When the movements have been completed and the ground frame levers/switches have been restored to normal, the
     operator must advise the Signaller who must then relock the ground frame/switch panel. The operator must not leave
     until he has ascertained that this has been done.
3.   In the event of any failure of the apparatus, the operator must act in accordance with the instructions given by the
     Signaller.
4.   The operator must advise the Signaller if a derailment occurs which fouls any of the running lines and take whatever
     action is necessary to protect the obstruction.
5.   Additional instructions applicable to ground switch panels:
     5.1 Before authorising a movement, the operator must check that the indicators show the points to be set in the
         proper position and if Single Line Working is in operation, place and maintain reminder appliances on the point
         switches until the movement has passed clear of the points.
     5.2 When a ground switch panel is not in use, or if the operator has to leave the immediate vicinity of the ground
         switch panel when it is released, the cabinet door must be closed and locked.
     5.3 A crank handle or detachable handle and key is provided at most ground switch panels and must only be used in
         accordance with the instructions of the Signaller.
6.   Additional instructions applicable to ground frames where separate telephone facilities are not provided:
     6.1 The “Attend Telephone” bell code 3-3-3-3 must be used by the person requiring to speak to the Signaller, or vice
         versa.
     6.2 At ground frames, where bell communication is provided with the signal box, the following code must `be used if
         there is a failure of the telephone or in an emergency if it is the quickest method of contacting the Signaller:-
         To Signal Box

         Unlock ground frame                                                      2
         Train shunted clear of running line(s)-lock ground frame                 3
         Train on running line ready to depart-lock ground frame                  5
         These codes will be acknowledged by repetition when the
         ground frame has been unlocked/locked
         Running line(s) fouled                                                   6

         From Signal Box

         Clear running line(s) for train to pass                                  7
         To be acknowledged by repetition and code 3 sent when
         the line(s) have been cleared


         The call attention signal, 1 beat, must be sent and acknowledged before the required code is sent except when it
         is necessary to send the Running Lines Fouled bell signal.
     6.3 Ground Frames unlocked by Annett's key taken from Signal box
         The key must be inserted in the lock provided on the ground frame lever to release it. The key must be locked in
         the lever until it is restored to the normal position. The Annett's key must be returned to the signal box when the
         work has been completed.
                                                                   London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 01/12/07




December 2006                                                 30
