                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4

       LN3246 - AMBERGATE JN TO MATLOCK
       MATLOCK
       Method of working in connection with Peak Rail running trains into Matlock Station Platform Two.
       Peak Rail will be operating passenger services into the renewed Platform Two at Matlock Station
       Peak Rail Trains will operate from Darley Dale to the Buffer Stops at Matlock Station Platform Two, under the one train
       working with staff arrangements. This method of working will not interfere with the normal operation of Platform One at
       Matlock.
       The maximum speed of Peak Rail Trains travelling over Network Rail Infrastructure is 10mph.
       Actions in an emergency.
       If an emergency arises with a Peak Rail train in platform two, the driver of this train must as far as practical, protect his
       train from approaching trains in the opposite direction. This is to be done by a Peak Rail employee, exhibiting a hand
       danger signal to approaching trains, this should be supplemented by the use of a whistle. The person protecting the train,
       must position themselves at the 15mph board at the south end of the tunnel.
       If an emergency arises with a train in platform one, the driver of this train must as far as practical, protect his train from
       approaching trains in the opposite direction. This is to be done by the driver proceeding towards the Matlock sidings, and
       placing 3 detonators 20yds apart on the Peak Rail side of the Network Rail boundary, and by displaying a red flag or red
       light at night.the Signaller at the EMCC Derby Workstation must also be informed.
       If a Peak Rail train explodes 3 detonators at the Network Rail Boundary, the driver must bring their train to an immediate
       stand, and contact the EMCC Derby Workstation before proceeding.
       This instruction modifies the requirements of Rule Book Module M1
       Operation of Matlock Ground Frame.
       Matlock Ground Frame must not be operated unless you are in possession of the Peak Rail Train Staff.
       Points being secured
       During Peak Rail’s operating period the points at the North end of the siding and run round loop, and the facing points to
       Peak Rail movements of Matlock GF will be jointly secured with a RKB222 padlock and a unique Peak Rail padlock, the
       key to the unique padlock will be attached to the Train Staff.
       If work is required to be carried out on either set of points, or the points are required to be moved the person who requires
       to work on, or move the points must have in their possession Peak Rails train staff.
       Line blockage or possession of Matlock Sidings
       If a line blockage or possession of the siding at Matlock is required, arrangements must be made with Peak Rail’s Duty
       Officer for the Train Staff to be collected by the appropriate person. A line blockage or possession will not be granted
       without the IWA/COSS/PC or PICOP being in possession of the Peak Rail Train Staff.
                                                           Dated: 08/10/18

       LN3246 - AMBERGATE JN TO MATLOCK
       Entire Line Of Route
       Method of Working. If it is not necessary for a Diesel Multiple Unit train to be shunted clear of the Single line at Matlock,
       the Driver must return from Matlock without passing the token through the instrument at Matlock.
       Guards of passenger trains starting from Matlock must advise the Signaller at the EMCC Derby Workstation by telephone
       when the train is ready to depart. Guards must also telephone the Train Delay Attributor on 085 35033 to report
       information relative to arrival and departure times. If, however, the telephone has failed, the train must not be detained in
       order to carry out this instruction but the Signaller at the EMCC Derby Workstation must be advised of the circumstances
       at the first opportunity.
                                                           Dated: 08/10/18

       LN3255 - RADFORD JN TO KIRKBY LANE END JN
       Kirkby South Jn To Kirkby Lane End Jn
       When Single Line Working is in operation over the Down Mansfield line it should be noted that trains working in the
       wrong direction will operate Grives Lane A.H.B. Level Crossing normally.
                                                           Dated: 12/09/11

       LN3255 - RADFORD JN TO KIRKBY LANE END JN
       Entire Line Of Route
       Trains working between Radford Junction and Kirkby Lane End Junction must be restricted to a total train length of 500
       metres. This is to avoid interference to ‘Insulated Joints’ which act as buffers to the adjacent electrified Nottingham
       Express Transit (NET) system.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       December 2006                 177
