                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1


LOCKOUT PROTECTION SYSTEMS
STAFF PROTECTION SYSTEMS (LOCKOUT)
The provision and application of Staff Protection Systems (often referred to as Lockouts), are of the following types: -
A LOD (E) system inhibits moves in both directions on a section of line including moves into and out of the Protected Area
and is a Captive Key system where the key is normally retained in the instrument.
A LOD (K) system prevents signalled moves into the Protected Area and is a Captive Key system where the key is
normally retained in the instrument.
A LOD (T) system prevents signalled moves into the Protected Area and is a Key Enabled system where the authorised
user must obtain the key before operation can commence.
LOD (P), system prevents signalled moves against one direction of traffic on a Bi-directional line, enabling staff to utilise
lookout protection for a single direction. It is a Key Enabled system where the authorised user must obtain the key before
operation can commence.
The LOD (E), LOD (K), LOD (T), equipment may be used as an alternative to the protection arrangements outlined in Rule
Book Modules TS1, Regulation 13, and Handbook 8, however all relevant Rules for establishing a Safe System Of Work
must be complied with.
The person requesting protection using the above equipment must be either a certified “Controller of Site Safety” (COSS),
an “Individual Working Alone” (IWA), ‘’Safe Work Leader’’ (SWL), or a “Protection Controller” (PC) who has been trained
and authorised to use the specific lockout and if it is a Key(s) Enabled System, issued with the appropriate key(s). LOD (E)
systems may also be used by authorised TOC & FOC staff, where appropriate and Staff have been trained.
In this instruction, where the instruction refers to the COSS, the instruction also applies to an IWA/ SWL/ PC/ TOC & FOC
Staff, where appropriate and Staff have been trained.
Only in exceptional circumstances may the COSS hand over to relief provided they advise the signaller of their name,
employer, location and contact telephone number.
The area of protection provided by the lockout system is normally displayed and clearly defined in the lockout cabinets.
The COSS should ensure the area of protection provided by the lockout provides adequate protection for the activity /
work. When required, permission may be requested for the use of more than 1 lockout system and / or may cover more
that one line. All communications regarding the protection arrangements must be made directly between the Signaller and
the authorised COSS.
The Signaller must, before granting any lockout protection, ensure that protecting signals are placed and maintained at
Danger and routes leading to the protected area are cancelled and the protected area is clear of trains. The Signaller
should not authorise any un-signalled moves into the area covered by the lockout(s) when in use. The COSS must advise
the signaller of any failure of operation of the lockout unit / system, or if a lockout key is lost / damaged, immediately
considering the protection as no longer in place. Signallers when making entries in the TRB need not issue authority
numbers unless specifically outlined in local instructions.
Other instructions, variations to the above instructions and alternative local protection systems are covered in the Local
Instructions sections and / or Signal Box Local Instructions.
Obtaining permission to use a LOD (E), or a LOD (K)
The COSS must telephone the Signaller giving their Name, Employer, location and contact telephone number. They must
state which “lockout” section(s) they require to be protected and for how long. If use of the “lockout” is agreed, the
Signaller must record these details in the train register book and repeat them back to the COSS who must confirm they
are correct. Then the Signaller may operate the Key release and instruct the COSS to remove the Lockout Key.
When permission to use the LOD (E), or LOD (K) is to be given up
When the protected area(s) is/are clear and safe for trains to run on, the COSS must advise the Signaller of his/her Name,
Employer and location. When advised to do so by the Signaller, the COSS must replace the Key, and return it to the
locked “traffic” position. The Signaller must be advised and he/she must check that the normal indication has been
restored, advising the COSS person and make an entry in the train register.
Obtaining permission to use a LOD (T)
The COSS must telephone the Signaller giving their Name, Employer, location and contact telephone number. They must
state which “lockout” section(s) they require to be protected and for how long. If use of the “lockout” is agreed, the
Signaller must record these details in the train register book and repeat them back to the COSS who must confirm they
are correct. The Signaller should then instruct the COSS to insert the Key and turn it to the operate position, the signaller
will then operate the release and instruct the COSS to operate the “locked out” button / switch. The COSS should then
observe the “locked out” indication has illuminated correctly and advise the signaller, then turn the key to the normal
position and remove the KEY.
When permission to use the LOD (T) is to be given up
When the protected area(s) is/are clear and safe for trains to run on, the COSS must advise the Signaller of his/her Name,
Employer and location. When advised to do so by the Signaller, the COSS must insert the Key, turn it to the “operate”
position and observes the “locked out” indication illuminates. The signaller then operates the “Traffic Cancel Control” and
COSS operates the “Traffic” button / switch to return it to the “traffic” position. The COSS should then observe the “traffic”
indication has illuminated correctly and advise the signaller then turn the key to the normal position and extract the Key.
February 2021                                                 32A                  (Supplement No. 49 – 27 February 2021)
