                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1

       Rule Book Module S5 - Passing a signal at danger : Part A
         Passing a signal at danger on the signaller’s authority
       Level crossings with crossing keeper operated non block signals
       Authority to pass over the level crossing during signal failure/disconnection or Single Line Working.
       At the level crossings listed at the end of this instruction, the protecting signals are not part of the block signalling and are
       only provided to protect the level crossing. The Driver will receive a green hand signal from the Crossing Keeper as authority
       to pass over the crossing:-
         When due to failure or disconnection it is necessary to pass the protecting signal at Danger. The Driver must, after
            passing over the crossing, regulate the speed of his train, having regard to the aspect displayed at the section
            signal.
         During Single Line Working when (in accordance with Rule Book Module P1, Section 6.2 b) (other manned level
            crossing) a train in the wrong direction is authorised to pass over a level crossing, where the normal position of the
            gates or barriers is open for road traffic.
       * = Crossings normally open for road traffic
       Ulceby North Jn to Barton on Humber
          * Barton Road (Down direction)
          * Barrow Road (Single line)
       Mansfield Woodhouse to Shireoaks East Jn
            Norwood
       York to Scarborough
            Howsham
       Leeds Armley Jn to York (Skelton Jn) via Harrogate
          * Belmont
          * Wilstrop (Single line)
          * Marston Moor (Single line)
          * Hessay (Single line)
       LN898 - Neville Hill East Jn to Hull
            Crabley Creek GB
       Hull to Seamer West Jn
          * Gristhorpe (Single line)
       King Edward Bridge South Jn to Carlisle North Jn
          * Milton Village
       Bedlington North to Lynemouth Alcan
          * North Seaton
                                        London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 08/12/18


       Rule Book Module SP-Speeds:Emergency speed restriction
       Section 4 – Emergency Speed Restrictions (ESR) - How emergency speed restrictions
       are set up
       If an emergency speed restriction (ESR) is imposed and before the speed restriction equipment has been set up, the
       signaller will tell the driver of a train to pass over the ESR the actual speed limit that has been imposed by the engineer.
       It will no longer be necessary for the drivers of all trains to proceed at no more than 20 mph prior to the erection of the speed
       restriction equipment but drivers must travel over the restriction at no more than the speed given by the signaller.
       This also means that only trains which would normally be running at a speed higher than the ESR to be imposed will need to
       be cautioned by the signaller. For example, if an ESR of 60 mph is imposed, it will not be necessary to stop and advise the
       drivers of trains classes 6, 7 or 8.
                                                    National GI - Dated: 07/06/14


       Rule Book Module TS1 - General signalling regulations
       Section 13
       Handbook 8 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line
       Handbook 21 – Safe Work Leader (SWL) blocking a line
       Swing Bridges at Goole, Hull, Keadby and Selby
       When arranging a blockage of a line which passes over the swing bridge, then the COSS/IWA/SWL/PC must come to a clear
       understanding with the signaller/bridge operator that either:
         a) The swing bridge will remain closed to river traffic for the duration of the blockage.
         OR
         b) The signaller will obtain the authority of the COSS/IWA/SWL/PC before opening the bridge to river traffic.
         OR
         c) The work site is clear of the bridge and will not affect the operation of the bridge.
                                        London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 06/12/14


       December 2006                 9
