                                                           OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4



LN3520 - SHEET STORES JN. TO STENSON JN.
CASTLE DONNINGTON

Trains requiring use of the run round facility only
A train may be signalled into the Castle Donnington Private Siding arrival road without a PIC being present. The points
(001A/B) controlling the entrance to the arrival and departure lines are spring loaded towards the arrival line, therefore the
train driver must not proceed beyond the points indicator located on the approach to 001A/B points if it is not showing a
steady yellow aspect.
All train movements following the arrival of the train must be undertaken with a Freight Operating Company (FOC) Person
in Charge (PIC) having notified EMCC Trent Workstation that they are on site.
In the event of a FOC PIC being already on site for movements within the terminal, their contact number must be relayed
by the EMCC Trent Panel signaller to the incoming FOC PIC to authorise further train movements.
Upon the completion of the run round and departure of the train, the FOC PIC must advise the signaller on Trent Panel
that: -
The arrivals road is empty
The points are correctly set for the arrival road
The points indicator is displaying a stead yellow aspect
The FOC PIC must then give up control of the run round loop with the signaller on the EMCC Trent panel.
Trains requiring access to the Castle Donnington Private Siding Terminal
All trains requiring access to the terminal must have a PIC on site to accept the train who must notify EMCC Trent
Workstation upon arrival.
Upon the completion of terminal duties, the PIC must advise the signaller on Trent Panel that: -
The arrivals road is empty
The points are correctly set for the arrival road
The points indicator is displaying a stead yellow aspect
The FOC PIC must then give up control of the run round loop with the signaller on the EMCC Trent panel.
Infrastructure Maintenance Activities preventing rail access
In the event of any maintenance activities being undertaken within the run round facilities which would preclude train
access, the maintainer must advise EMCC Trent Workstation at the commencement of works and when the possession of
the sidings is given up. The signaller must apply a reminder appliance during any such works.
                                                                                                         Dated: 08/02/2020




December 2006                                                  179A
