                                                             OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




LN756 - SCUNTHORPE TRENT JN. TO ROXBY
Dawes Lane LC (AOCL+B)

Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.4 will not apply at this crossing provided the Emergency Plunger Unit has been used
and the Driver has satisfied himself that the Road Traffic Signal on both road approaches are operating. In such
circumstances, the Driver may, even if the Driver’s red light continues to show take his train over the crossing, ensuring it
is safe to do so and sounding the horn continuously until the front of the train is on the crossing.
                                                                                                               Dated: 16/01/16

LN756 - SCUNTHORPE TRENT JN. TO ROXBY
Entire Line Of Route

The train staff must normally be delivered to and collected from Drivers at North Lincoln Jn. (S.353/S.357 signals) and the
Signaller advised when this has been done.
To enable a second train to run between Trent Junction and Normanby Park, the Mobile R.S.T. is authorised to receive or
deliver the train staff at Normanby Park and Roxby and to convey the train staff between North Lincoln Jn., Normanby
Park and Roxby other than by train.
If the Mobile RST does not request the train staff, the train staff should be retained by the Driver until the movement
arrives back at North Lincoln Jn.
If the R.S.T. has requested the train staff from a train at Roxby, the train must not pass the “Commencement of Staff
Section” board until the train staff has been returned to the Driver by the Mobile R.S.T.
Delivery and receipt of staff by persons other than the signaller

             Staff Station                  Person authorised to receive or
                                          deliver staff other than the signaller

Scunthorpe Trent Jn.                      North Lincoln Chargeman
(North Lincoln Jn Chargemans
Office)
Normanby Park                             Mobile R.S.T.
Roxby                                     Mobile R.S.T.
                                                                                                               Dated: 02/12/06

LN758 - BRANCLIFFE EAST JN TO KIRK SANDALL JN.
Dinnington Jn To Maltby

Rule Book Module P2, Section 7: Modified Working Arrangements on Single Lines

If the signalling system fails & a Pilotman is not immediately available, provided the authority of the Responsible Manager
is obtained, Modified Working Arrangements may be introduced between Dinnington Jn & Maltby. The arrangements are
permitted for through train movements over the Down & Up South Yorkshire single line only. .
When the Responsible Person has authorised introduction of the arrangements to allow a train to proceed without being
accompanied by a Pilotman in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module P2, Section 7 the Signaller will:-
         •     Tell the driver what is happening
         •     Dictate form RT3177 to the Driver
         •     Instruct the driver to pass the signal at danger, as shown in Part A of module S5 Passing a signal danger
         •     If necessary, instruct the driver to confirm the train has arrived clear of the single line complete with tail lamp.
The Responsible Manager must authorise the Modified Working Arrangements for each train to pass through the single
line block section.
Working by Pilotman, as shown in Module P2, must be introduced as quickly as possible. The changeover to Working by
Pilotman must be authorised by the Responsible Person.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/12/13




December 2006                                                    77
