                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3




       LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
       Siemens Depot

       Drivers of inbound trains to the Depot must stop at the stop and telephone board on the York Loco line and contact the
       Siemens Depot controller for permission to proceed.

       The person in charge of train despatch at York station must advise the signaller at York ROC, York North Workstation
       when a train composed of more than 3 vehicles requires access to the Depot. The signaller at York must obtain an
       assurance from the Siemens Depot controller that the train can be dealt with before clearing the platform signal.

       Drivers of outbound trains must stop at the exit stop and telephone board and contact the Siemens Depot controller for
       permission to proceed. The controller must obtain permission from the signaller at York ROC, York North Workstation
       before authorising the train to proceed towards Y300 signal.


       Drivers of trains from the National Railway Museum must stop at the stop and telephone board on the NRM line and
       contact the Siemens Depot controller for permission to proceed into the Depot. Once inside the Depot drivers must
       proceed beyond the outgoing stop board on the Depot line, clearing Depot point 2, and must then follow the procedure for
       outbound trains.
                                                           Dated: 27/12/18
       LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
       YORK To NEWCASTLE

       Movement of empty Class 14X/15X units between York and Newcastle

       When it is necessary to move units between York and Newcastle or vice versa for operating purposes by attaching to
       passenger services which call at either Chester-le-Street or Thirsk such units must be locked out of public use.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06
       LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
       NORTHALLERTON To Tweedmouth Crossover

       Working of trains in the “Wrong Direction” through simplified bi-directionally signalled sections of
       line.

       Trains must only be signalled in the “Wrong Direction” over the simplified bi-directional sections during:-
       a)planned engineering work on the adjoining line or
       b)in an emergency when a line is blocked due to a failed train, broken rail etc.
       c)to allow other trains to pass the Loram C21 Rail Grinding train when grinding. In these circumstances the train must
         be treated as a train stopping in section.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06
       LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
       NORTHALLERTON

       Set-back movements Reversing line to Down Main
       The illumination of the "Off" indicator associated with Signal Y496 will be the Driver's authority to proceed and it will not be
       necessary for the Driver to comply with the ‘Rule Book Module SS2, Section 4.2)’, but the Driver must proceed cautiously,
       keeping a lookout and being prepared to act on handsignals.
       Movements in connection with detaching vehicles with hot axle boxes to Up Sidings

       If it is necessary for a vehicle with hot axle box to be detached from a train on the Up Main line at Northallerton, the Driver
       will be instructed to proceed from signal 498 and stop his train immediately on the Darlington side of signal 695 (by
       observing the back light).
       After the vehicle has been stabled and signal 693 has been cleared for the front portion of the train to set back to the rear
       portion, the Driver is authorised, without further authority, to proceed to signal 474 at Northallerton Station.
                                                           Dated: 27/12/18




       December 2006                 41
