London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4




LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
Wigston North Jn To Knighton Jn

Working of the Up and Down Goods line. When a train has been admitted to the Up and Down Goods line, the Driver
must advise the Signaller at Kettering Workstation for signal LR320 or Leicester Workstation for signal LR32 immediately
the first train has stopped at the appropriate exit signal.
When a second train has been admitted to the Up and Down Goods line, the Driver must, immediately the first train has
departed, move their train forward and stop at the exit signal and advise the appropriate Signaller accordingly.
When a train has been admitted to the Up and Down Goods line to enable the locomotive to run round its train, the Driver
must advise the appropriate Signaller immediately the locomotive has stopped at the exit signal. When the run round
movement has been completed and the train is stopped at the appropriate exit signal, the Driver must advise the
appropriate Signaller accordingly.
                                                                                                        Dated: 02/01/12

LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
LEICESTER

Up Carriage Sidings. Before a movement is made from the Up Carriage Sidings towards the exit signal, the Shunter must
obtain the permission of the Signaller at Derby EMCC, Leicester Workstation. In the case of shunting movements the
Signaller at Leicester Workstation must be advised when the shunting movements have been completed.
                                                                                                        Dated: 02/01/12

LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
LEICESTER To Syston South Jn

Wheel Impact Load Detector (Wheelchex). This equipment analyses the dynamic wheel loads produced by each
passing train. The data obtained may result in an alarm being received in Network Rail, Operations Control. A Wheelchex
system is installed on the Down Fast, Up Fast and Up & Down Slow lines at Thurmaston 101m 78ch. If an alarm is
received from the detector, the train will be stopped by signals and the Driver may be instructed by the Signaller to
proceed at a reduced speed to a location where the train can be taken out of service.
                                                                                                        Dated: 30/08/08

LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
Humberstone Road Jn

Down Sidings. When a train requires to enter the sidings, the Shunter must, after satisfying himself that the hand points
have been correctly set and that the siding is sufficiently clear to accommodate the train and after carrying out the
provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 3 and advise the Signaller at the EMCC, Leicester Workstation that he has
done so.
The Shunter must inform the Signaller at the EMCC, Leicester Workstation when a train is ready to leave the sidings
giving its description and destination
Down Fast line 'OFF' indicators. The illumination of an 'OFF' indicator, working in conjunction with the signal applying to
movements from the Down Fast line to the 'Up and Down Goods line, Reception line or Down Sidings, will be the Driver's
authority to commence the setting back movement and the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, Sections 3 and 4.1 and
Module TW1, Section 26.3 are exempt except that the movement must not pass any signal at Danger. The setting back
movements must be made at walking pace and the Driver must be prepared to act on a handsignal from the Shunter when
he comes into view.
                                                                                                        Dated: 07/12/13




December 2006                                               169
