London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2




LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
Belmont Yards

Belmont down sidings

A notice board worded “STOP AND TELEPHONE” is situated at the exit from Belmont Down Sidings. In the event of the
telephone failing, or otherwise being unable to communicate with the Person in Charge, Drivers may proceed cautiously
along the Engine line to ground position light signal D1434.
Notice boards worded “STOP AND TELEPHONE” are situated at the Belmont end of No's 1,2 and 3 Reception lines. In
the event of the telephones failing, on no account must any of these boards be passed until authority is obtained by other
means. Where a light locomotive is proceeding to the hump to pick up a train, the Guard should request a train list to be
sent to whichever of the manned yard locations is most appropriate to the route being taken by the engine, so that he may
collect it there.
Belmont Up Reception Lines

Notice boards capable of displaying dual instructions are provided at the South end of the Up West Reception Line and
the Up Reception Loop.
The boards will normally display the words “STOP. PROCEED IF CLEAR”.
Whenever shunting is taking place the Shunter will change the instruction to read “STOP. AWAIT INSTRUCTIONS”.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
DONCASTER

Turning of HST power cars

A single HST power car is authorised to run light between Doncaster West Yard, South Yorkshire Junction. St. James
Junction, Bridge Junction and Doncaster Station for the purpose of turning the power car.
The power car may run with the blunt end leading subject to the observance by National Express staff of their company
instructions.
                                                                                                           Dated: 08/11/08

LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
Doncaster West Yard

The crews of arriving / departing are required to set and examine the hand points to / from the siding required.
There is no assistance available for D.O.O trains.
The Sidings are numbered 1 to 6. Number 6 siding is nearest to Doncaster Station and is the only siding wired for electric
trains. Number 1 sidings the furthest from Doncaster Station and gives access to the A.B.B. works.
Access to Number 1 siding is restricted and the hand points between sidings No’s. 1 and 2 are secured by padlock
towards No. 2 siding. The padlock keys are held by both A.B.B and Doncaster Signal box.
Arriving trains should, where possible, be routed to an empty siding but avoiding using No. 6 siding unless it is an electric
train.
Before proceeding beyond the fouling point of the siding which they are to leave, Drivers of departing trains must
telephone the Signaller and request permission to proceed towards 1475 position light signal.
The Signaller will not give permission if any conflicting movement has been authorised.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                120
