London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



LN666 - BOLDON WEST JN TO TYNE DOCK
Boldon North Jn To Tyne Dock

Special Instructions for Working of the Port of Tyne Operational Boundary

1. Summary working arrangement:
The former Tyne Dock Branch has been modified to include separate Arrival and Departure lines at a staggered Network
Rail / Port of Tyne operational boundary, with a remaining section of single line renamed the Tyne Dock Siding.
Track circuits are provided on the Arrival, Departure and Siding lines, but Track Circuit Block Regulations are only
applicable on the Arrival line up to P2 Stop Board, and on the Departure line beyond T6263 signal.
The Person In Charge (PIC) is responsible for controlling all train movements within the Port of Tyne sidings operational
boundary, including the supervision of P21 points. In most respects P21 points behave as train operated points, but are
provided with Point Indicators for both facing and trailing movements.


2. Trains Arriving to the Port of Tyne Terminal:
    1.   Trains will be signalled by Tyneside IECC from the Up/Dn Sunderland lines, via the Tyne Dock Arrival line, to P2
         Stop Board.
    2.   At P2 Stop board, the Driver must contact the Port of Tyne PIC for permission to operate the P21 points plunger,
         and authority to proceed along the Tyne Dock Siding to P4 Stop Board.
    3.   Once authorised, Drivers must only proceed beyond P2 Stop board when the P21 Point Indicator In displays a
         Yellow aspect. The route over P21 points must be taken within 5 minutes of operating the plunger (the points
         auto-normalise), with this time restarting if the plunger is pressed again.
             a.   If a yellow aspect is not obtained after operating the P21 points plunger, the driver must contact the PIC
                  for further instructions.
    4.   At P4 Stop board, the Driver must await instructions from the PIC, which may be given via authorised ground
         staff accompanying the train.


3. Trains Departing from the Port of Tyne Terminal:

    1.   Trains will be authorised to depart the terminal by the Port of Tyne PIC, via the Tyne Dock Siding and Tyne Dock
         Departure Lines, to T6263 Signal.
    2.   If a Yellow aspect is not displayed at P21 Points Indicator Out, Drivers must stop and contact the Port of Tyne
         PIC for instructions.
             a.   Permission to pass P21 PI Out at Danger (unlit or flashing red) may be given by the Port of Tyne PIC.
    3.   On arrival at T6263, the Driver must await display of a proceed aspect from the Signaller at Tyneside IECC.


4. Shunting and Banking Movements on the Tyne Dock Siding:

    1.   All train movements on the Tyne Dock Siding (single line) must be authorised by the Port of Tyne PIC, which may
         be given via authorised ground staff accompanying the train.
             a.   Note: Loose (un-coupled) Banking moves are permitted in the Tyne Dock Terminal and Siding under the
                  Port of Tyne operating instructions.
             b.   Drivers must obtain separate movement authority for each direction of travel during the Shunting or
                  Banking operation.
    2.   Shunting and Banking Movements are not permitted to pass the Limit of Shunt at P21 Points Indicator Out.
5. Emergency Calls:
    1.   In the event of an incident or emergency affecting the safety of the line on the Tyne Dock Arrival, Departure, or
         Siding line, the Signaller at Tyneside IECC should be contacted in the first instance.
                                                                                                          Dated: 21/09/14




December 2006                                               116
