London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6



LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
Tinsley South Jn to Parkgate Jn
Recovery of Vehicles Requiring Wheel Skates
The operation of vehicles fitted with wheel skates is not permitted between Tinsley South Jn (2m 22ch) and Parkgate Jn
(5m 59ch) due to the presence of raised check rails. Where a vehicle develops a wheel flat between the above locations
arrangements must be made to recover the vehicle without a wheel skate. If the wheel flat is severe enough to prevent
free running of the affected axle the movement must be made at extreme caution. The affected section of line must be
inspected by a competent track maintenance engineer before normal running may resume. Any deviation from the above
method of work must first be authorised by Network Rail Control. Any vehicle fitted with a wheel skate booked to travel
between Parkgate Junction and Tinsley South Junction must be diverted via alternative route.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/02/2018


LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
Tinsley South Jn to Woodburn Jn SB
Instructions To Traincrews And Other Persons Concerned Working On Network Rail Lines Adjacent
To South Yorkshire P.T.E. Supertram
Supertram lines run adjacent to Network Rail lines at the following location:-
     • Between Tinsley South Jn and Woodburn Jn
Except where clearances are inadequate, a fence is provided between Network Rail lines and Supertram lines.
Supertram lines are electrified at 750v DC overhead and the equipment must be regarded as alive at all times. The
provisions of Rule Book Module AC must be observed as far as is practicable; reference to the Electrical Control Room or
Electrical Control Operator must be taken to refer to the Supertram Electrical Power Controller.
If anything unsafe is observed or an emergency arises where it is necessary to stop or restrict in any way traffic on the
Supertram line, the Signaller at Woodburn Jn. SB Int 03 37345 Ext 01142 755506. If it would be quicker to do so, the
Supertram control (tel.no.Sheffield (0114 2798128) must first be informed direct.
Except at Meadowhall, Supertram lines are not signalled and track circuit operating clips must not be relied upon to stop a
Supertram train in an emergency. If circumstances arise which require isolation of the overhead line equipment, the
Supertram Authorised Person will issue a Permit to Work.
Engineering work which requires the opposite/adjoining line to be blocked or protected must not normally be carried out on
lines which adjoin the Supertram line unless preplanned. In an emergency, work must not start until an assurance has
been obtained from the Signaller that the Supertram line has been blocked or arrangements for its protection have been
agreed and are in place.
Persons who work on Network Rail lines must not go onto the Supertram except in emergency or when authorised to do
so. Supertram staff who are trained in personal track safety will carry a SYPTE Supertram Track Access Pass and may
come onto adjacent Network Rail lines when necessary.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/05/16


LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
Tinsley South Jn to Broughton Lane Jn

Working of trains into Tinsley Yard
The Woodburn Junction Signaller must contact the Tinsley Yard Shunter to obtain permission for a train to proceed
towards Tinsley Avesta TMO Level crossing stop board, before setting the route from W205 signal to W226 signal. W226
signal position prevents a freight train from stopping at the signal due to a steep rising gradient on approach; therefore an
aspect control has been applied to W205 to prevent the route up to W226 signal from clearing unless W226 signal is off.
Confirmation from the shunter or driver that the movement in is clear at Tinsley Yard complete with tail lamp is not
required.
The Woodburn Junction Signaller must contact the Tinsley Yard Shunter to obtain permission for a train to proceed
towards Tinsley Avesta TMO Level crossing stop board, before setting the route from W212 signal to W228 signal.
Confirmation from the shunter or driver that the movement in is clear at Tinsley Yard complete with tail lamp is not
required.
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/05/17




December 2006                                                 51
