                                                           OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




LN758 - BRANCLIFFE EAST JN TO KIRK SANDALL JN.
Dinnington Jn To Maltby Colliery

Tokenless Block working between Dinnington Jn. and Maltby Colliery

Rule Book Module P2, Section 1.1

If a Pilotman is not immediately available, a Driver’s Ticket may be issued to the Driver of each train. Drivers of Down
trains will be brought to a stand at WP607 signal and will be instructed by the Signaller at Worksop to take a Driver’s
Ticket from the locked box located at this signal. The box is opened by a Drivers BR.No.1 key. The Driver must complete
the Driver’s Ticket by dictation given by the Signaller and repeat the contents to the Signaller. The Signaller will then
authorise the Driver to enter the section.
If a train, the Driver of which is in possession of a Driver’s Ticket, becomes disabled necessitating an assisting train
entering the section, the Driver’s Ticket must be left in the driving compartment of the disabled train. The Driver’s Ticket
must be handed to and retained by the Driver of the assisting train until both trains have been cleared from the section.
In all cases, the Driver’s Ticket issued to the Driver of an Up train must be retained by him until reaching his depot and
handed in at the depot with the word “Cancelled” written across it. The Driver’s Ticket must then be forwarded to the
Network Rail Local Operations Manager at Worksop.
                                                                                                             Dated: 8/11/08

LN758 - BRANCLIFFE EAST JN TO KIRK SANDALL JN.
Doncaster St Catherines To Maltby.

Rule Book Module P2, Section 7: Modified Working Arrangements on Single Lines.
If the signalling system fails & a Pilotman is not immediately available, provided the authority of the Responsible Person is
obtained, Modified Working arrangements may be introduced between Doncaster St Catherines Junction and Maltby
Colliery Signal box.
When the Responsible Person has authorised introduction of the arrangements to allow a train to proceed without being
accompanied by a Pilotman in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module P2, Section 7 the Signaller will:-

    •        Tell the Driver what is happening
    •        Dictate or hand as appropriate, form RT3177 to the Driver

    •        Give the Driver any necessary instructions regarding the operation of level crossings.

    •        Instruct the Driver to pass the signal at danger, as shown in part A of module S5 Passing a signal at danger.
    •          Instruct the Driver to a Down direction train confirm the train has arrived at Doncaster Decoy complete with
         tail lamp.
The Responsible Person must authorise the Modified Working Arrangements for each train to pass through the single line
block section.
Working by Pilotman, as shown in Module P2 must be introduced as quickly as possible. The change over to Working by
Pilotman must be authorised by the Responsible Person.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13

LN758 - BRANCLIFFE EAST JN TO KIRK SANDALL JN.
Maltby Colliery

Maltby North Shunt Spur

Immediately a locomotive has arrived clear inside the spur and to the rear of signal 28, the traincrew must advise the
Signaller accordingly.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                  78
