                                                            OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6



LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
Tinsley South Jn to Tinsley East Jn

TS1 Regulation 13 – Safety of personnel
Protection of staff from trains on the adjacent Sheffield Tram Transfer Line (2m 45ch to 2m 61ch) is undertaken
through application of the Possession of Line of Sight Infrastructure methodology. This methodology applies the
regulations of TS1 / 13 Taking possession of sidings as far as possible for a passenger line with no fixed
signals. In addition the requirements of regulation TS1 / 13.4.4 Possession of part of one siding have been
relaxed to permit use of fixed hinged Possession Limit Boards as protection in lieu of a sleeper secured to the
rails. Staff require a Possession of Line of Sight Infrastructure Arrangements Form (issued locally) to record
details of the protection applied. Electronic copies of the Possession of Line of Sight Infrastructure
Arrangements Form can be supplied in advance of work by the Local Operations Team on request.
Any staff working on or near the Down/Up Tinsley line between Tinsley South Jn and Tinsley East Jn must contact
Woodburn Junction Signal Box to establish if the adjacent Sheffield Tram Transfer Line is under possession of
Line of Sight infrastructure and confirm details of the arrangements to apply. Staff working on or near the Down/Up
Tinsley line adjacent to the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line, requiring protection of the adjacent line, must apply the
Possession of Line of Sight Infrastructure methodology outlined above. Staff applying adjacent line open or open
line safe systems of work in this area should note that the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line is operated under Line of
Sight regulations.
                                                                                                    Dated: 06/05/18


LN830 - ALDWARKE JN TO WOODBURN JN
Tinsley South Jn To Parkgate Jn

Restriction between Tinsley South Junction and Parkgate Junction


Due to the presence of raised check rails for the operation of Tram Train services, the following vehicles are
prohibited from travelling over the line of route between Tinsley South Junction (2m 22ch) and Parkgate Junction
(5m 59ch) inclusive:
• Class 33 locomotives with unmodified lifeguards
• Operation of vehicles fitted with wheel skates


The operation of independent snow ploughs is restricted over points fitted with raised check rails when
undertaking ploughing activities. This restriction does not apply to any traction fitted with miniature snow
ploughs/obstacle deflectors or movements of independent snow ploughs in traffic.


                                                                                                 Dated: 01/08/2020




December 2006                                                  52
