London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2




LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
Spittal Jn To Werrington Jn

Two separate “Patrolman’s Lockout” systems are provided on the Up Slow line to provide a safe method of signal
protection to prevent Down direction moves over the Up Slow line between but exclusive of the following locations: -
     •   Spittal Jn and New England North Jn (Ref. No. 4001)
     •   New England North Jn and Werrington Jn (Ref. No. 4002)
The area covered and instructions for its operation are displayed at each “lockout” instrument. The person requesting
protection must be either a certified ‘Controller of Site Safety’ (COSS), or ‘Individual Working Alone’ (IWA).
The “lockout” may also be used to protect against Down direction movements under the arrangements of Rule Book
Module T2H. When the “lockout” is used for T2H protection, there is no requirement for Handsignallers to be appointed at
Down Direction signals.
Method of Protection

When a “Patrolman’s Lockout” system is to be used to provide Down direction protection, the following procedure must be
observed:-
a)   The COSS/IWA must telephone the Signaller giving his/her Name, Grade, Employer, location and contact telephone
     number. He/she must state which “Patrolman’s Lockout” section they require to be protected by and the time duration.
     If use of the “Patrolman’s Lockout” is agreed, the Signaller must record these details in the train register book and
     repeat them back to the COSS/IWA who must confirm they are correct. When satisfied the arrangements are correct,
     the Signaller may authorise the COSS/IWA to insert the Patrol Key. The COSS/IWA must observe the instructions
     displayed and ensure the correct “Patrol” Indication is illuminated before withdrawing the Patrol Key.
b)   When the protection is no longer required, the COSS/IWA must advise the Signaller of his/her Name, Grade,
     Employer and location. When advised to do so by the Signaller, he/she must insert the Patrol Key and observe the
     instructions displayed. When the “Patrol” indication is no longer illuminated, the Patrol Key must be withdrawn and the
     Signaller advised who must check that normal working has been restored. The Signaller must advise the COSS/IWA
     and make an entry in the train register.
c)   The COSS/IWA who gives up the “Patrolman’s Lockout” protection, must, except in exceptional circumstances, be the
     same individual who obtained the “Patrolman’s Lockout” protection.
     In exceptional circumstances, the COSS/IWA may hand over to a relief provided he/she advises the Signaller of the
     Name, Grade, Employer, location, and contact telephone number of his/her relief.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                118
