                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2




       LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
       Hornsey EMU Depot

       A Depot Protection System for the protection of staff exists comprising position light signals with associated derailers at
       the approaches to Depot Roads 15 (Wheel Lathe) and 18 to 24, together with additional red lights located as follows:-

       15 Road and 24 Road:
                     mounted on a pole at cab window level at the south end of each line;
       18 to 23 Roads:
                     2 at each buffer stop and 2 on the lefthand side of the shed door for each line,
                     at cab height level.

       The aspects displayed by the position light signals comply with the Handbook RS/521, Section 2.6.
       Provided the appropriate position light signal is displaying a proceed aspect movements may be made at normal Depot
       speed. It is the responsibility of the traincrew to ensure where applicable that the shed doors are open. Once a
       movement has come to a stand and has been secured it will be the responsibility of the Senior Operating Supervisor or
       Senior Maintenance Supervisor to activate the Depot Protection System.
       When the appropriate position light signal is at Danger the Depot Protection System is activated on that line and no
       movement may be made past the signal until a proceed aspect is displayed.
       Failure To Obey The Position Light Signal(s) Will Result In Derailment
       During the time that the additional red light are illuminated the system is activated and no movements may be made.
       Vehicles may be moved when instructed by the Shunter in Charge once the red lights for that line have been extinguished.
       In the event of any failure of the Depot Protection System movements to and/or from Roads 15 to 24 must only be made
       under direct instructions from the Operating Supervisor.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
       HORNSEY

       Carriage Sidings. All movements must not exceed a speed of 5 m.p.h.
       Trains setting back from Down Slow No.2 line to Ferme Park Carriage Sidings.
       When signal K440 clears, the Driver is authorised to commence the setting back movement and the provisions of the Rule
       Book Module SS2, Sections 3, 4.1 and 4.2 are modified accordingly. The Driver must proceed cautiously, keeping a sharp
       lookout and be prepared to act on a handsignal from the Guard or Shunter when he comes into view.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
       Wood Green South Jn

       Trains setting back from Up Goods line to Bounds Green Sidings.
       When signal K111 clears, the Driver is authorised to commence the setting back movement and the provisions of the Rule
       Book Module SS2, Sections 3, 4.1 and 4.2 are modified accordingly. The Driver must proceed cautiously, keeping a sharp
       lookout and be prepared to act on a handsignal from the Guard or Shunter when he comes into view.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 116
