London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4

The normal traction changeover point from DC to AC in the up direction (ie from Blackfriars) will be City
Thamelink.

If the traction changeover fails, the driver must inform the Signaller at Three Bridges Core South workstation
before leaving City Thameslink. The train will be signalled towards Farringdon station or Smithfield Sidings
using the DC traction power, so the driver can change ends and be signalled back towards City Thameslink.

                                                                                                      Dated: 01/02/2017

LN3213 - FARRINGDON TO KENTISH TOWN JN
Entire Line of Route

Drivers of assisting locomotives called to rescue 12 car formation EMU stock must make no attempt to couple to the failed
train until the gradient profile, permitted load for the locomotive and brake force required has been assessed to be
adequate to control the combined formation.
Special care must be taken when using emergency adaptor couplers to move stock unbraked at 5mph to clear the line.
If in doubt NO attempt to couple to 12 car EMU stock formation should be made until these details have been provided.
Further restrictions on type of locomotive able to access MCL & CBI line of route are published in Table D4A (East
Midlands) – Route clearance of locomotives.
In certain circumstances more than one locomotive may be required to achieve rescue.
                                                                                                         Dated: 04/03/17

LN3214 - CANAL TUNNEL JUNCTION TO BELLE ISLE JUNCTION
Entire Line of Route

Drivers of assisting locomotives called to rescue 12 car formation EMU stock must make no attempt to couple to the failed
train until the gradient profile, permitted load for the locomotive and brake force required has been assessed to be
adequate to control the combined formation.
Special care must be taken when using emergency adaptor couplers to move stock unbraked at 5mph to clear the line.
If in doubt NO attempt to couple to 12 car EMU stock formation should be made until these details have been provided.
Further restrictions on type of locomotive able to access MCL & CBI line of route are published in Table D4A (East
Midlands) – Route clearance of locomotives.
In certain circumstances more than one locomotive may be required to achieve rescue.
                                                                                                         Dated: 04/03/17

LN3237 - LOUGHBOROUGH SOUTH JN TO HOTCHLEY HILL
Loughborough South Jn To Hotchley Hill
Working between Loughborough South Junction and the Network Rail Boundary at 92m 45ch. The Single line
connection between Loughborough South Junction and the Network Rail Boundary is worked by the track circuit block
system indicated by sequential track circuiting. A movement that has proceeded beyond the Network Rail Boundary
towards Hotchley Hill, will occupy the track circuit at Loughborough South Junction until such time that the movement
returns from Hotchley Hill to Loughborough South Junction and activates the track circuit. When the return movement has
cleared Loughborough South Junction the Single line will be available for another movement.
If a movement requires to operate to Hotchley Hill and will not return within a reasonable period of time or on another day,
then the movement must be worked with two locomotives or a locomotive at each end of the train to Hotchley Hill. Upon
arrival at Hotchley Hill one of the two locomotives or the trailing locomotive will be detached to return to Loughborough
South Junction and activate the track circuit and clear the branch for normal working. When the movement is required to
return from Hotchley Hill to Loughborough South Junction then an additional locomotive must be despatched via
Loughborough South Junction to Hotchley Hill and attached. The movement will then work forward with two locomotives or
a locomotive at each end of the train.
A footpath level crossing is situated between Loughborough South Junction and Barnstone Tunnel at 91m 16ch. Drivers
must pay particular attention on the approach to this level crossing and must not pass over it until it is safe to do so.
Except in an emergency a manned or unmanned locomotive must not be left on this branch.
When a train, which is not formed of a Great Central Railway (Nottingham) movement, arrives at signal LR.506 the
Driver must immediately advise the Signaller at Derby EMCC, Leicester Workstation whether or not the train is complete
with tail lamp.
Following assistance of a disabled train. When the assisting and disabled train arrives at signal LR.506 the Driver must
give an assurance to the Signaller at Derby EMCC, Leicester Workstation that the line is clear throughout.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/01/12
December 2006                                               176
