                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3




LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
BERWICK-UPON-TWEED
Royal Border Bridge: Staff Safety Facility
Separate indication panels for each line and a telephone communicating with Tweedmouth Signal box, are provided at the
North end of Bridge 195 and the South end of Bridge 194.
Any person requiring to enter onto or pass over the Royal Border Bridge must:-
a)   request permission from the Signaller, identifying himself by giving his name. grade and home station/depot.
b)   say why he requires to enter onto or pass over the bridge, on which line he needs protection and for how long
     permission is required.
If the Signaller is unable to give permission immediately, the person calling will be instructed to wait and telephone again,
later.
When the Signaller is able to give permission, he will instruct the person to operate the appropriate “on” plunger, which will
illuminate the “proceed when lit” indication. If the “proceed when lit” indication is already illuminated owing to the system
being in use, the Signaller will, if a sufficient time margin allows, give verbal permission and the person may then pass
over the bridge.
When the person is clear of the bridge, he must telephone the Signaller again, identify himself by name, grade and home
station/depot and advise him that he is clear of the bridge.
The Signaller will instruct the person when to operate the appropriate “off” plunger to extinguish the “proceed when lit”
indication. If the system is still in use, the Signaller will note the advice.
When more than one person requires to pass over the bridge, the person in charge is responsible for observing the
foregoing instructions.
Royal Border Bridge Trains Stopped By Accident, Failure, Obstruction Or Other Exceptional Cause.

Whenever possible trains must not be stopped on the Royal Border Bridge. If a train is stopped on the bridge, the Driver
must be aware of the low bridge parapets and not alight on the cess side of the train unless absolutely necessary.
If the nature of the failure / stoppage requires the immediate protection of the opposite line in accordance with Rule Book
Module M1 the Driver must switch on the trains Red lights, alight carefully and carry out the necessary protection.
If it evident that protection of the opposite line is NOT required immediately, the Driver should remain on the train, contact
the Signaller at Tweedmouth by GSMR or other convenient means as quickly as possible. If it is not possible to contact
the Signaller at Tweedmouth by GSMR or telephone the Driver must remain in the cab until contacted as described for a
Limited Clearance situation in Rule Book Module SS2, Section 5.9.3.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/05/16

LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
BERWICK-UPON-TWEED
Working of passenger trains over the Up Goods Loop.
Passenger trains may be run over the Up Goods Loop at Berwick upon Tweed provided the Signaller has observed the
requirements of Rule Book Module TS1 General signalling regulations 11, Working of passenger trains over Goods Lines
or Goods Loops.
Drivers must report on telephone immediately train at a stand at signal TW170
                                                                                                            Dated: 01/12/07

LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
Darlington Up Sidings

The Railway Undertaking Person In Charge (PIC) is in charge of all movements at this location.
The PIC must request clearance of T881 GPL to gain access to the sidings.
Siding No 4 is to be used for train arrivals.
The preferred route to run round is to return through Siding No 1.
Stabled trains must only use No 2 Siding.
The PIC will contact the signaller to obtain authority for any movements towards T876 signal.
                                                                                                            Dated: 13/07/19




December 2006                                                  47
