                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3



       Detail of York Yard North Sidings with Skelton OTM Sidings




       Notes:
       YYN1. YYN2, YYN21, YYN221 & YYN30 are Stop Boards displaying instruction:
       ‘’Stop – obtain permission to proceed’’
       YYN31 is a Stop Board displaying instruction:
       ‘’Stop – proceed with caution’’


       YYN 1 siding – the only electrified siding - when necessary, a train may be refuged for a short period
       YNN 2 siding is to be used for run round/shunting/reversing moves
       YNN 6 siding is to be used for access/egress ONLY to Skelton OTM sidings
       Skelton OTM Sidings
       Steam Locomotives requiring coal or water must be located within the Skelton OTM sidings on siding line OTM 4. This
       may be completed on the approach side of Stop Board YYN30, Skelton OTM shunt neck, but only if room is not available
       on line OTM 4.
       Access to the Turntable
       Traincrew must have the necessary competence to operate the Turntable equipment.
       CONTROL OF MOVEMENTS – DRIVER ONLY WORKING – YORK YARD DOWN SIDINGS
       Driver Only Working must not commence until a clear understanding has been reached that any previously authorised
       movements have been completed.
       The Driver is responsible to check that any hand points are set correctly for the safety of the move.
       During Driver Only Working the Train Driver is responsible for obtaining the Signallers permission to proceed beyond any
       stop board.
       Hand points MUST always be returned for safety of movements to/from YYN 1 siding following any completed moves
       made during Driver Only Working.
       Drivers proceeding into Skelton OTM sidings must advise the Signaller on arrival within the OTM sidings that they have
       arrived complete and hand points have been returned for the safety of movements to/from YYN1 siding.
       Movements WITHIN the Skelton OTM sidings will be under the control of the driver
       Any shunting movement requiring a train to be split or propelled must be completed under PIC Working arrangements.
       CONTROL OF MOVEMENTS – PIC WORKING – YORK YARD DOWN SIDINGS
       When PIC Working is in operation a PIC must be in charge (as per General Instruction above)
       PIC Working must not commence until a clear understanding has been reached that any previously authorised movement
       has been completed.
       During PIC Working the Signaller must obtain authority from the PIC before authorising any movement into York Yard
       down sidings




       December 2006                 51
