London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




Overlay Miniature Stop Light Level Crossings (OMSL)
A Miniature Stop Light (MSL) is the conventional active warning system used to give indications at private user worked
crossings, public bridleway and footpath crossings. Indications provided for the user to determine that the crossing is safe
to cross (green) or not safe to cross (red). The system is designed to overlay existing infrastructure without interacting with
it, however permissible speeds in the wrong direction on the approach should be identified on multiple track lines with
wrong direction speed boards. It is expected that train detection inputs to the system will usually be provided as part of the
system and typically these systems may be referred to as “EBI Gate 200” or “VaMoS”, although other systems may be
used. The system is usually activated by wheel sensors that operate in a similar way to Axle Counters, when they detect a
train they set the lights to red, when the train hits the strike out sensor the lights go to green.
Where a system failure is detected or operational scenario (e.g. train failure, slow trains, engineering works) may incur the
red (not safe to cross) indication for excessive periods, user indications are suppressed. On encountering this mode the
user is directed on safe operation by the signage provided, however they can be reactivated by another train passing or
through a manual reset.
Would all staff please note that, like Axle Counters, using metal tools or simply passing by within a metre wearing safety
boots can cause activation of these sensors and should be avoided.
                                                              London North Eastern Territory GI - Dated: 02/06/18


Proceeding over a manned level crossing equipped with
non block signals operated by a crossing keeper during
signal failure/disconnection of equipment or Single Line
Working
At the level crossings listed the protecting signals are not part of the block signalling and are only provided to protect the
level crossing.
During a signal failure/disconnection of equipment the driver will receive a green hand signal from the crossing keeper as
authority to proceed over the level crossing irrespective of the aspect/indication shown at that protecting signal at locations
on the lines indicated below:
Ulceby North Jn to Barton on Humber (LN744-LN5)
Barrow Road
Mansfield Woodhouse to Shireoaks Jn (LN768-LN5)
Norwood
York to Scarborough (LN880-LN7)
Howsham
Leeds Armley Jn to York Skelton Jn (via Harrogate) (LN838-LN7)
Belmont (Up direction only* - SPT provided on Down direction signal)
Wilstrop
Marston Moor
Hull to Seamer West Jn (LN914-LN7)
Gristhorpe
King Edward Bridge Jn to Carlisle North Jn (LN682-LN8)
Milton Village
Bedlington North Jn to Lynemouth Alcan (LN702-8)
North Seaton
The Driver having received the green handsignal must regulate the speed of the train in accordance with the
aspect/indication previously displayed at the section signal.




December 2006                                                  50
