London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4



NOTTINGHAM STATION
Trains arriving in platforms 1, 3, 6 and 7.
Drivers of short trains (five coaches or less) into platform 1, 3, 6 or 7 that have received a main aspect signal to enter an
unoccupied platform, must stop the train in section B of the platform unless otherwise indicated by station staff.
Driver Relief of freight trains and light locomotives.
On arrival at Nottingham station a driver who is to relieve a freight train or light locomotive must advise the Nottingham
workstation signaller at EMCC (01332-442399) and check which platform starting signal the train will arrive at for relief.
If a west bound train arrives at Nottingham before the relief driver, the train driver may be instructed by the signaller to proceed
to Beeston South Jn. to await relief at Beeston station up platform.
Platform 2
A four car DMU must not be uncoupled in Platform 2 unless signal NN4002 has been cleared. When the uncoupling has been
completed and the DMU is on the approach side of the signal the signaller must be advised unless the train is to immediately
depart.
Stabling of trains in Nottingham station.
Diesel multiple units with parking brakes and Class 252/3 HST trains may be stabled in the platforms. Any other type of stock
must only be stabled after a risk assessment has demonstrated it is safe to do so.
NOTTINGHAM EAST JN
Cleaning of Diesel Multiple Units in Platforms 6 and 7.
Drivers of trains working into platform 6 or 7, must be prepared to bring their trains to a stand at the red lamp provided 15 yards
from the end of diesel multiple units during carriage cleaning operations. No movement in any direction must be made by the
Driver of a train on Platform Lines 6 and 7 until they have received the permission of the Person in Charge of the platforms and
all Train Not To Be Moved Boards have been removed from the exterior of the diesel multiple units.
EASTCROFT TRAIN MAINTENANCE DEPOT
General. All movements to, within and from Eastcroft Train Maintenance Depot are under control of the Shunter.
Movements entering Eastcroft Train Maintenance Depot from Nottingham station.
Drivers of trains requiring to proceed to the Depot must contact the Person in Charge at Nottingham station. The Person in
Charge must advise the Signaller at the EMCC Nottingham Workstation of the movement required and advise the Shunter. After
the appropriate signal has been cleared, the train may proceed to the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ board. The Shunter will
check that all handpoints are correctly set for the movement and when this has been done, authorise the Driver to proceed.
Movements requiring to be made from one siding to another.
Any movement requiring to be made from one siding to another must pass clear of all hand points so that the whole train is on
the Nottingham station side of the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ board. The Shunter will contact the Signaller at the EMCC
Nottingham Workstation and request the clearance of signal NN.4012 for such movements. Movements exceeding two vehicles
will be routed towards Nottingham station. Movements of two vehicles or less will be routed towards the neck.
All trains requiring to be fuelled.
Movements beyond the ‘Stop and Await Instructions’ board at each end of Fuelling Point are controlled by the ‘Designated
Person’. The ‘Designated Person’ is identified by an orange arm band with the letters D.P. in black. Drivers of trains onto and off
the fuelling bay must only proceed when authorised to do so by the ‘Designated Person’. The movement must then stop clear of
all lines and await the Shunter’s instructions.
Departing movements. The Shunter will advise the Signaller at the EMCC Nottingham Workstation and give permission for
movements departing the sidings to proceed only as far as signal NN.4012 or NN.4014.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 24/08/13

LN3204 - TRENT SOUTH JUNCTION TO NOTTINGHAM EAST JUNCTION
NOTTINGHAM

THIS INSTRUCTION IS TO BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH SECTION B OF THE RELEVANT WEEKLY
OPERATING NOTICE.

USE OF POSSESSION LIMIT VEHICLES

Nottingham Station is permitted to use ECS vehicles in any platform during a possession of a running line for
engineering work.

These vehicles will act as the “Possession Limit” in place of the usual PLB and detonators.
At the other extreme of the possession the standard protection of a PLB and 3 detonators will be used.


December 2006                                                 172
