London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3




LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
DARLINGTON

Train crew requiring access to/from the Up/Down Station Loop at Darlington station

Train crew requiring access to/from the Up/Down Station Loop at Darlington station must adopt the following procedure:
Access to the Up/Down Station Loop
Access from platform 1 to the Up/Down Station Loop will require the Signaller (at Tyneside IECC Darlington Workstation)
to be contacted from T900 signal and a request made for train movements to be stopped on both platform No1 line and
the Up/Down Station Loop. The Signaller will comply with Rule Book Module TS1 Regulation 13 and when in a position to
do so he/she will advise the caller that train movements have been stopped and that it is safe to cross.
After the caller has crossed both lines he/she must contact the Signaller from T898 signal and confirm that he/she is now
clear and that normal running of trains may resume.
Access from Up/Down Station Loop
Access from the Up/Down Station Loop to platform 1 will require the Signaller to be contacted from T898 signal and a
request made for train movements to be stopped on both the Up/Down Station Loop and platform No1 line. The Signaller
will comply with Rule Book Module TS1 Regulation 13 and when in a position to do so he/she will advise the caller that
train movements have been stopped and that it is safe to cross.
After the caller has crossed both lines he/she must contact the Signaller from T900 signal and confirm that he/she is now
clear and that normal running of trains may resume.
                                                                                                         Dated: 06/12/14

LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
Darlington Up Siding

A train to be run round must be routed into Siding 2 and the locomotive returned through Siding 1.
Siding 3 must be used for stabling purposes only.
Siding 4 is out of use until further notice
When a train for the Down direction is ready to depart, the Person in charge of the movement must request permission
from the Signaller for it to be propelled to the approach side of Signal 911.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06

LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
Birtley Jn

Sanding Signs

A Marker Board is provided before reaching signal T178 and Drivers of south departing trains from Tyne Yard must bring
their trains to a halt at this board when signal T178 is at danger and wait at this location for the signal to clear.
Boards instructing Drivers when not to deposit sand and when to, have been provided in the vicinity of Birtley Junction.
These arrangements have been implemented to overcome the problems with locomotives depositing sand in the point
mechanisms.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                42
