                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




       LN200 - WRAWBY JN TO PELHAM STREET JN
       Welton Oil Sidings

       Set back movements into Welton (BP) Oil Sidings. Guards of trains requiring to set back into the sidings from the Up
       line must, after setting the hand points in the sidings, advise the Signaller accordingly. The Guard must then place himself
       in the most suitable position to control the movement.
       The clearing of the position light signal (No.53/53R) will be the Driver's authority to proceed, and it will not be necessary
       for the Driver to comply with Rule Book, Module SS2 Section 2, but he must proceed cautiously, keeping a sharp look out
       and be prepared to act on a hand signal from the Guard when he comes into view. The train must be stopped when the
       locomotive is in rear of signal 54.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN736 - CLEETHORPES TO NUNNERY MAIN LINE JN VIA RETFORD
       CLEETHORPES

       Lockouts are provided which prevent trains being signalled into or out of the platforms shown:-
           Platforms 1 & 2 (combined system - both platforms closed at the same time).
       The protected area does not extend beyond the ends of the platforms.
       Lockouts are not provided on other platforms.
       The lockout must be used to protect staff who are to carry out work such as:-
           watering coaching stock at track level,
           fitters working on trains,
           clearing litter from the track,
           white lining platform edges.
       If the lockout has been used, it will not be necessary to appoint a COSS. Where work is to take place on a train, or a train
       is standing in the platform whilst work is in progress, a NOT TO BE MOVED board must be securely fitted to the Drivers
       cab in such a position that it is clearly visible to the Driver of the train as well as being visible along the platform.
       The operation of the lockout is as follows:-
           The person taking the lockout must telephone the Signaller, identify himself by name and employing organisation,
           say what is to be done and ask for the lockout to be given.
           When the Signaller is able to give the lockout, the light on the instrument will light; the button must then be
           pressed and the key turned and withdrawn. The Signaller must be advised when the key has been withdrawn.
           There are two instruments in the cupboard, these work in parallel and it is only necessary to operate one of them.
           The key must be retained by the person removing it and not left in the instrument cupboard, as long as it is out of
           the instrument the platforms are protected from train movements by the signalling system.
           The same person must normally remain in charge of the key throughout the time it is out of the instrument; if this
           is not possible, he must, before transferring the key, telephone the Signaller, identify himself by name and
           employing organisation, and tell the Signaller to whom the key is to be transferred; that person must then identify
           himself by name and employing organisation.
           When work is complete, the person who has charge of the key must telephone the Signaller, identify himself by
           name and employing organisation, and give the Signaller an assurance that all staff and equipment are clear of
           the line. When instructed to do so, he must return the key to the instrument and turn it to the lock position.
           The platforms are now no longer protected.

                  ALWAYS ENSURE THAT YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT IS PROTECTED

                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 70
