                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN930 Skipton Middle Jn. To Rylstone
       ONE TRAIN (NO STAFF) SECTION

       The section of route between Skipton Middle Jn and Rylstone LC (TMO) is designated OTNS proven by sequential
       treadles. As such once one train or locomotive has been sent towards the quarry, a second train cannot be sent in the
       same direction until a train or locomotive has returned from the quarry.
       Train arrivals
       Leeds North West workstation signaller must be contacted following the passage of trains beyond Rylstone TMO1 STOP
       board towards the quarry to confirm that the train is complete with tail lamp.
       This instruction does not apply to train movements controlled locally within a possession
       Train Departures
       Leeds North West workstation signaller must be contacted prior to passage of trains beyond Rylstone TMO2 STOP board
       towards Skipton for permission to enter the one train working section.
       This instruction does not apply to train movements controlled locally within a possession
       Taking possession of or taking a line blockage between Skipton Middle Jn. And Rylstone LC (TMO)
       A line blockage or possession may be taken between clear of 5155B points at Skipton Middle Jn and Rylstone LC (TMO)
       with Leeds North West workstation as long as there is not a train in section.
       In order to take a line blockage or possession of the one train working section the procedure shall be that signaller
       authority is granted then Rylstone LC (TMO) shall be locked with a non-standard padlock to prevent unauthorised access
       and protection laid at each end of the section as required.
       To give up a line blockage or possession in this section previously laid protection shall be lifted, the padlock removed from
       Rylstone LC (TMO) and the one train working section possession or line blockage lifted with the Leeds North West
       workstation signaller.
       Taking possession of or taking a line blockage between Rylstone LC (TMO) and Swinden Quarry boundary.
       A line blockage or possession may be taken between Rylstone LC (TMO) and the derailer at the quarry boundary with the
       Swinden Quarry PIC who is situated in the loading bunker at the quarry.
       In order to take a line blockage or possession of this section the procedure shall be that PIC authority is granted, the
       derailer at the quarry boundary is operated and locked, the folding STOP board in the 4ft on the quarry side of the derailer
       is lifted and Rylstone LC (TMO) is locked with a non-standard padlock.
       To give up a line blockage or possession of this section Rylstone LC (TMO) shall be unlocked, the derailer deactivated,
       the folding STOP board lowered and the line reopened with the quarry PIC.
       The quarry PIC can be contacted on 01756 753854 or in person at the rail loadout at the quarry.
       In the event of no PIC being present at the quarry, the line blockage or possession shall be notified to the Tarmac Lead
       PIC on 07484 905477. The same contact shall be used to notify the possession or line blockage being given up unless the
       quarry PIC has resumed duty by this point.
                                                         Dated: 01/04/2023




       December 2006                 168
