                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4



LN3535 - BIRMINGHAM CURVE JN TO BRANSTON JN
Entire Line Of Route
A passenger train is not permitted to approach signal DY.102 on the Down Birmingham Curve Through Siding
between Birmingham Curve Junction and Branston Junction or signal DY.137 on the Up Birmingham Curve Through
Siding between Branston Junction and Birmingham Curve Junction until a Responsible Person on site has given an
assurance to the Signaller on the Burton Workstation that the Down or Up Birmingham Curve Through Siding as the case
may be, is clear throughout and that any vehicles in adjoining sidings have been specially secured.

The permission of the Signaller on the Burton Workstation must be obtained by using the telephone situated at
Branston Sidings Ground Frame before a movement is made past the 'Stop and Telephone' board towards Birmingham
Curve Junction on the Down Birmingham Curve Through Sidings.

When detained at the position light signal on the Down Birmingham Curve Through Siding at Branston Sidings, the Driver
must make use of the telephone situated at Branston Sidings Ground Frame.
                                                                                                          Dated: 09/05/15


LN3610 - CORBY AUTOMOTIVE TERMINAL TO CORBY NORTH
Corby North

Except in an emergency a manned or unmanned locomotive must not be left on the Automotive Branch.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

LN3615 - HELPSTON JN TO SYSTON SOUTH JN
Ketton SB

Trains may be shunted into Wards Sidings at Ketton for other trains to pass. This is situated on the Up Main Line
between Ketton and Stamford, and controlled by the Ground Frame released from Ketton.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

LN3615 - HELPSTON JN TO SYSTON SOUTH JN
OAKHAM

Cemetery Sidings. The normal position of the scotch block in the Cemetery sidings is across the siding and it must be
secured in this position when shunting operations are complete.
Train detained at Up Main Home signal. Immediately a train is brought to a stand at the Up Main home signal the Driver
must contact the Signaller using the telephone provided.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

LN3615 - HELPSTON JN TO SYSTON SOUTH JN
Melton Jn GF

Working of Melton Junction Ground Frame. All trains requiring to proceed from the Up Main line to the Asfordby Single
line must be positioned on the Melton Mowbray station side of the ‘Stop’ board worded “Trains for Asfordby Branch
proceed when indicator is illuminated” whilst the ground frame is being operated. All trains leaving the Asfordby Single line
must be positioned on the Melton station signal box side of the ‘Stop’ board applicable to Down direction movements
whilst the ground frame is being operated.
Working of the Down and Up Asfordby line. The token for the Melton Junction to Asfordby Mine section must be carried
by the Driver of the leading locomotive at all times.
Before a train departs from either Melton Junction or the former Asfordby Mine site, the Driver of the leading locomotive
must confirm to the Driver of the rear locomotive that he is in possession of the token for the Melton Junction to Asfordby
Mine section.
Working of the Down and Up Edwalton line. Trains for the Down and Up Edwalton line must obtain a token for the
Melton Junction Ground Frame to Asfordby Mine section at Melton Junction Ground Frame. When the train has arrived at
Asfordby Junction Ground Frame (formerly Melton Ground Frame) and is clear of the Melton Junction Ground Frame to
Asfordby Mine Single line, the token must be replaced in the token instrument at Asfordby Junction Ground Frame.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06



December 2006                                                180
