London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN642 - SALTBURN WEST JN TO BOULBY POTASH MINE
Entire Line Of Route

Between Longbeck (27m 79ch) And Crag Hall

Rule Book Module P2, Section 1.1. If the Tokenless Block system fails and a Pilotman is not immediately available,
provided the authority of the Network Rail Local Operations Manager is obtained, working by Drivers ticket (RT3177)
may be instituted at either Longbeck or Crag Hall Signal boxes, or if the Tokenless Block system fails when a train has
passed Longbeck Signal box en route to Crag Hall, a Driver reporting from L209 signal may be authorised to obtain a
ticket from the locked box attached to the signal post (locked with a 21 key). The Signaller must then dictate to the Driver
the modified working authority including the progressive number of the ticket. When both Signaller and Driver are satisfied
that the form has been completed the Signaller, after ensuring that 580 points are reversed, may give the Driver
permission to pass L209 signal at Danger and proceed to Crag Hall.
If a train, the Driver of which is in possession of a Drivers ticket becomes disabled between Saltburn West Jn and Crag
Hall necessitating an assisting train entering the section, the Drivers ticket must be left in the driving compartment of the
disabled train. The Drivers ticket must be handed to and retained by the Driver of the assisting train until both trains have
been cleared from the section, when it must be handed to the Signaller
                                                                                                        Dated: 22/11/08

LN646 - NORTON-ON-TEES SOUTH TO FERRYHILL SOUTH JN.
Ferryhill South Jn

When a train from the Norton-on-Tees direction has passed Ferryhill South Jn and run to Ferryhill Up Sidings, and arrives
either at (a) the Up Goods Loop or (b) within the Up Sidings clear of all connections, the train crew must ensure it is
complete with tail lamp and advise the Signaller at Ferryhill accordingly.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN652 - BILLINGHAM-ON-TEES TO SEAL SANDS STORAGE
Rohm Haas LC (AOCL) To Seal Sands Road LC (AOCL)

Rohm Hass LC, Monsanto (Basf) LC, S.S. Chemicals LC, Phillips No.2 and No.3 LC and Seal Sands
Road LC.

These crossings are operated under the provisions of Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4, except that a white steady light
on the plunger panel when illuminated, indicates the crossing road signals are working and the Guard or shunter, if the
crossing is clear may then authorise the Driver to proceed. When the train has drawn clear of the crossing and no further
movements are to be made over that crossing the Guard or Shunter must press the stop lights plunger and then rejoin his
train.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                113
