                                                        OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6




LN778 - SEYMOUR JN TO BOLSOVER
Bolsover

Derbyshire Coalite Sidings. Guards must obtain permission of the Person in charge at the Weigh Office before
commencing work at the Exchange sidings and must not reverse the points in the Arrival line until such permission has
been obtained.
In the event of there being no staff on duty in the Weigh Office, Guards must ensure that no Coalite movements are taking
place before reversing the points in the Arrival Line.
                                                                                                        Dated: 02/12/06

LN804 – TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
Tapton Jn To Dore South Jn

Single line working, Rule Book, Module P1
When Single Line Working is in operation over the Down Main Line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller for
the Up direction trains.
Drivers of Up direction trains must be instructed by the pilotman to obey signal CS4896.
Rule Book Module P1, Sections 3.5 a) and 6.2 a) are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the pilotman.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.


                                                                                                        Dated: 06/12/14

LN804 - TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
SHEFFIELD

Telephones associated with Signals S101, S112 and S116. The telephones associated with the above Signals are
affixed to the walls of the Station buildings on Platform 1 almost opposite the relative signals.
Carriage Washing Plant - Before any movement is made through the washing plant all windows must be closed. The
washer will operate for movements in either direction. Such movements must be made at a speed not exceeding 3 m.p.h.
until the last vehicle is clear of the equipment.
                                                                                                        Dated: 30/08/08




December 2006                                               40
