                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN922 - WHITEHALL WEST JN TO HELLIFIELD SOUTH JN
       Whitehall West Jn To Keighley

       Bridge Lockouts Between Whitehall West Jn And Shipley And Platform Lockouts At Shipley And
       Keighley Stations.

       Lockouts are provided which prevent trains being signalled into the sections of line shown below for the protection of staff
       working on the line. These lockouts are intended only to provide a “Position of safety” as defined in Rule Book, Module
       G1, Section 6 and Handbook 1 where none would otherwise exist and the use of them does not remove the need to take
       the appropriate precautions for the safety of staff on or near the line as laid down in the Rules nor must they be used as a
       substitute for Personalised Rule Book Section Modules T3, TS1 Regulation 13.2, Handbook 8 or Handbook 21.
       The lockouts are provided on the following underbridges and prevent trains being signalled on the Down line only, trains
       will continue to run on the Up line:-
                 Bridge      Location
                  28A        199m 9ch
                  32        200m 19ch
                  38       Apperley Viaduct
                  39        203m 15ch
                  40        203m 29ch

       At each bridge, a lockout control box, together with a telephone, is provided at each end. The control boxes are wired
       together such that the lockout can be taken at one and given up at the other, or taken and given up from the same one.
       However, each bridge is a totally separate system.
       At Shipley station, three systems are provided covering platforms 1 & 2, platforms 3 & 4, and platform 5. These systems
       prevent trains being signalled on both the lines shown but are totally separate from each other.
       At Keighley Station separate systems are provided on the Down and on the Up lines; these are entirely independant and
       trains will continue to run on the opposite line.
       Staff authorised to use the lockouts will be issued with a special key for the control boxes. The control boxes contain three
       lights, PATROL, FREE and TRAFFIC and two push buttons, PATROL and TRAFFIC. When trains are running normally,
       the TRAFFIC light only should be lit. Operation is as follows:-
       The Signaller referred to below, is located in York ROC, on the Leeds North West Workstation.
       To take the lockout, ring the Signaller, give name, grade and department, give your location (ie. bridge number and which
       end). When the Signaller is in a position to give the lockout (he cannot do so if a train is signalled or any rail vehicle is
       standing in the lockout section), he will press his button (the FREE light will light in the control box) and tell you to press
       the PATROL button. When the lockout has been sucessfully given, the TRAFFIC and FREE lights will go out and the
       PATROL light will light, you should confirm this to the Signaller before going into the section.
       To give up the lockout, when all staff are clear of the section, ring the Signaller and give name, grade and department,
       give your location and confirm that all staff are clear. The Signaller will pull his button and the FREE light will light, you
       should then press the TRAFFIC button in the control box. The PATROL and FREE lights will go out and the TRAFFIC
       light will light, confirm to the Signaller that this has happened.
       It is essential that the boxes are always locked with both locks to prevent interference. The lockout must always be given
       back promptly, if it is not, trains cannot be signalled normally and unnecessary delays will result.

                ALWAYS ENSURE THAT YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHICH LINES ARE BLOCKED
                      The Protection given in each of the 3 systems is different.

                                                           Dated: 28/12/18




       December 2006                 159
