London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7



LN882 - WAKEFIELD KIRKGATE WEST JN TO GOOLE POTTERS
GRANGE JN
HENSALL To Potters Grange Jn
Rule Book Module P2, Section 7: Modified Working Arrangements on Single Lines
If the signalling system fails & a Pilotman is not immediately available, provided the authority of the Responsible Person is
obtained, Modified Working Arrangements may be introduced between Gowdall & Potters Grange Junction.
When the Responsible Person has authorised introduction of the arrangements to allow a train to proceed without being
accompanied by a Pilotman in accordance with the requirements of Rule Book Module P2, Section 7 the Signaller will:-
    •    Tell the driver what is happening
    •    Dictate or hand, as appropriate, form RT3177 to the Driver
    •    Give the driver any necessary instructions regarding the operation of level crossings
    •    Instruct the driver to pass the signal at danger, as shown in Part A of module S5 Passing a signal danger
    •    Instruct the driver to confirm the train has arrived at Goole complete with tail lamp, if detained in the Up goods
         loop.
The Responsible Person must authorise the Modified Working Arrangements for each train to pass through the single line
block section.
Working by Pilotman, as shown in Module P2, must be introduced as quickly as possible. The changeover to Working by
Pilotman must be authorised by the Responsible Person.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/12/13

LN882 - WAKEFIELD KIRKGATE WEST JN TO GOOLE POTTERS
GRANGE JN
Gowdall Lane LC (AOCL) To Snaith Road LC (AHBC)
Gowdall Lane AOCL, Field Lane AOCL and Snaith Station Level Crossings
The above level crossings must be worked in accordance with Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4. Instructions for AOCL
crossings, except that in the event of the flashing white light not being automatically initiated or ceasing to flash, or the red
light continuing to flash prior to departure of an Up train from Snaith or on approach of a Down train at Snaith, or in both
directions at Field Lane and Gowdall Lane, the Driver must press the plunger located in the locked cabinet, unlocked by
the Driver's key, situated on the appropriate white light post, to activate the road signals.
When the white light is flashing, the Driver may proceed as normal. If, after operation of the plunger the white light still
does not flash, the Driver must proceed in accordance with Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.
                                                                                                                Dated: 15/11/08
LN882 - WAKEFIELD KIRKGATE WEST JN TO GOOLE POTTERS
GRANGE JN
Rawcliffe LC (AHBC)
Rawcliffe Station AHB Level Crossing
Drivers of Down direction trains must not pass the Stop Board located at the Goole end of the platform until the white
flashing light shows. If the barriers fail to lower or the flashing white fails to appear or the flashing red light continues to
show, the Driver must advise the Signaller at Goole Signal Box by telephone and act in accordance with the Signalling
Instructions.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                   151
