                                                         OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3




LN618 - HOLGATE JN TO SKELTON JN.
York Yard North Sidings / Klondyke Yard / Turntable
Before proceeding towards No1 Independent siding / Turntable, the traincrew must have the necessary
competence to operate the equipment. York ROC, York North Workstation signaller may signal a train into the
area providing they have assurance that no conflicting moves have been authorised.
The person in charge of train movements in the siding is responsible for authorising train movements within
the siding and up to the “Stop Await Instructions” departure board. A movement may only be authorised to
pass a stop board providing no conflicting movement has been authorised or signalled.
No vehicles must be left stabled on No.1 Independent siding or the turntable area.
                                                                                                         Dated: 20/07/19

LN618 - HOLGATE JN TO SKELTON JN.
YORK YARD NORTH & SOUTH SIDINGS COMPLEX

LOCAL INSTRUCTION - CONTROL OF MOVEMENTS
Authorisation for trains to enter or leave these locations is conducted under one of the following methods of working:
Driver Only Working
When there is no PIC – the train driver is responsible for train movements.
PIC Working
PIC Working is when a Competent Person in Charge (PIC) is on duty and is responsible for all movements within the York
Yard sidings complex.
This person must be registered with the York ROC, Leeds Sub ROC Shift Signaller Manager (SSM) giving their name,
company and mobile telephone number.
The name and company of the PIC and the time they take and leave duty must be recorded by the SSM.
If the PIC is not competent to authorise a particular movement, the PIC must complete work and hand back control of the
yard so that the necessary movement can be made under Driver Only Working (if applicable) or another PIC appointed.
During PIC Working the Person in Charge (PIC) of train movements is a nominated employee of previously authorised
railway undertakings.
York Yard Sidings Complex
The York Yard Up Sidings comprises:
        York Yard Up Sidings Arrivals No.1 and 2 and shunt neck
        York Yard South Sidings (non-electrified)
        York Yard South Reception Sidings (Two through sidings electrified)
The York Yard South sidings complex also provides access to the following facilities:
        Leeman Road Store Yard
        York Yard South Wagon Repair Depot
        Warehouse line / The National Railway Museum South Hall
The York Yard Down Sidings comprises:
        York Yard North Sidings (No1 siding ONLY is electrified)
        Klondyke Private Sidings
        Holgate Engineering Works
        Turntable
        Skelton OTM Sidings
Details are outlined in Table A – See LN618




December 2006                                                50
