                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN922 - WHITEHALL WEST JN TO HELLIFIELD SOUTH JN
       SKIPTON

       Detaching of Cripples. A Down train which activates the Hot Axle Box Detector will be stopped at L.4031 signal for initial
       examination. If it has to detach cripples, it will be routed via the Down Shipley Fast line and detached vehicles must be
       placed in the Shunt Spur of the Up Sidings. If there are too many vehicles in front of the cripple, and it is necessary to
       place vehicles on the Up Shipley Main, such vehicles must be secured by the application of a sufficient number of
       handbrakes. It may be necessary, after vehicles have been placed in the Shunt Spur, to obtain the Signaller's permission
       to pass L4553 signal in accordance with Rule Book Module S5.


       An Up train which activates the HABD will be stopped for initial examination at L4046 signal. If there are cripples to
       detach, these must be placed in the Up Sidings.
       Rylstone Branch: Any train or locomotive which passes onto the branch must pass completely beyond L4039 signal before
       returning. Locomotives (only), coupled together if more than one, may be stabled in the platform at Skipton beyond L4039
       signal. All locomotives which pass onto the branch at Skipton together must also return together and locomotives must
       not be left at Rylstone for a later train.
                                                           Dated: 28/12/18

       LN924 - APPERLEY JN. TO ILKLEY
       Greenbottom Tunnel To MENSTON

       Greenbottom Tunnel, Guiseley And Bridge 22, Otley Road, Menston

       Entry into the above bridge and tunnel on foot is forbidden unless protection is provided in accordance with Rule Book,
       Module TS1 Regulation 13.2, Handbook 8, Handbook 21 or the line is under a T3 possession, or unless it is absolutely
       necessary in accordance with the Rules and Regulations.
                                                           Dated: 06/12/14

       LN924 - APPERLEY JN. TO ILKLEY
       BURLEY IN WHARFEDALE To ILKLEY

       No vehicle with a wheel diameter of less than 14 inches (350mm), vehicle on a wheelskate or road/rail vehicle may be
       placed on or run over the Down line between Burley in Wharfedale and Ilkley without authority from the Signaller at York
       ROC, Leeds North West Workstation. This instruction must also be applied when the line is under engineers possession.
                                                           Dated: 27/12/18




       December 2006                 164
