                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




       Rule Book Module T3 - Possession of the line for
       engineering work
       Swing Bridges at Goole, Hull, Keadby and Selby

       Note: Whenever possible, possessions should always be planned so that the swing bridge is outside the possession
       limits.
       When a T3 possession is to be arranged which will include the signal section(s) that passes over the swing bridge then
       one of the following methods of protection must be adopted:
       a)When no work is required to take place between the protecting signal(s) and exit point of the bridge and no trains or
         on-track plant are within the possession, then the Signaller must obtain the PICOP’s authority to open the bridge to
         river as required. Where possible, before granting the possession to the PICOP the Signaller will advise the PICOP
         that river traffic that may be required to pass the bridge during the possession.
       b)If trains or on-track plant are to operate within the possession, but do not require to work between the bridge
         protecting signal(s) and exit point, a separate worksite must be created to protect the bridge. The PICOP must
         arrange for the marker boards to be positioned at the bridge protecting signal(s) and 100 metres (100 yards) beyond
         the exit point (where applicable this distance must be extended to include the limits of any track circuits that will lock
         the bridge controls when occupied). When these arrangements have been put in place, the PICOP must advise the
         Signaller that the bridge may be operated as normal. In these circumstances, the PICOP must act a Engineering
         Supervisor for the bridge work site.
       If a train or on track plant is required to pass through the bridge worksite, the PICOP must receive an assurance from the
       Signaller that the bridge is closed and secure for rail traffic before arranging for the movement has passed clear of the
       worksite exit marker board, the PICOP must advise the Signaller that the bridge may be operated normally.
                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06



       Rule Book Module T10 – Duties of a designated person
       (DP) and people working on rail vehicles
       Safety of employees working on rail vehicles

       At the following locations sidings are used for maintenance and repairs or form part of depots as shown in Rule Book,
       Module T10, Section 1. When sidings are in used by Maintenance personnel the movements of rail vehicles will be under
       the control of the Designated Person, Responsible for Protection (DP) who will be identified by an orange arm-band
       endorsed 'DP' in black letters. At other times movements will be under the control of operating staff. Movements must not
       exceed 5 mph.
       When Maintenance personnel are in the sidings visitors and staff of other departments/ Companies must report to the
       designated person and must not start work until their presence in the depot or sidings has been recorded and the relevant
       protection has been provided.
                 Location                       Line(s)

       Bedford Carriage Sidings   All roads
       Corby Internal Exchange BSCCripple Siding
       Derby Etches Park Depot    Depot Roads 4 to 8
       Derby Etches Park 4 Shed Fuelling Point
                                  Both Shed Roads
       Derby Railway Technical Centre
                                  Engineering Development Unit roads 1 to 6.
                                  Research Workshops Roads 7, 8, 12, 13,14, 17.
                                  Track Laboratory Road 19
       Leicester Humberstone Road Cripple Sidings 12 and 13
       Toton C & W Depot          Depot Roads 1 to 4
                                  Sidings 5 and 6
       Toton EWS TMD              Depot Roads 1 to 4
                                  Depot Roads 5 to 15 (North)
                                  Wheel Lathe Road

                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 27/12/18




       December 2006                 19
