                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7



       LN898 - NEVILLE HILL EAST JN TO HULL
       SOUTH MILFORD
       Drivers of Up stopping trains at South Milford need only sound the train horn when departing the station.
       N.B. Drivers of non-stopping Up trains must observe the whistle board and sound the horn on approach to South Milford
       station.


       LN898 - NEVILLE HILL EAST JN TO HULL
       SELBY
       Rule Book, Module P1. During Single Line Working signals 1955, 1956 and 1958 must be obeyed by Drivers of trains
       approaching the Selby Swing bridge in the wrong direction.
                                                           Dated: 28/12/18

       LN898 - NEVILLE HILL EAST JN TO HULL
       Selby Swing Bridge

       All persons going onto the Bridge must first telephone the Bridge Operator and ensure that the Bridge is not about to be
       moved.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN898 - NEVILLE HILL EAST JN TO HULL
       HULL

       Working of trains between Hull Station and Botanic Gardens Sidings
       Movements to Botanic Gardens must be made via the Washer Road. Movements from Botanic Gardens must be made via
       the By pass line. The Signaller must get permission from the Botanic
       Gardens Designated Person (DP) before allowing a train to enter, and will be advised by the DP of any train required to
       depart.
       The driver of a train from the sidings must telephone the signaller and ask for permission to proceed to signal HP1001
       iStock Siding and By-pass Line
       When a multiple unit train is to occupy the stock siding for the purposes of reversing, the Person in Charge must ensure
       the train proceeds to the approach side of the “Stop. Telephone. Await “R” indication before proceeding” board to await
       clearance of Signal HP1001.
       NOTE: The illumination of the “R” signal at the Stop Board on the stock siding or on the identical Stop Board on the By-
       pass line, signifying clearance of Signal HP1001, is the authority for the movement to proceed.
       Movements from Sidings A to E

       In order to prevent a conflicting movement, the Driver of a train requiring to leave a siding must obtain the Signaller’s
       permission to proceed as far as the ground position light signal controlling movements from that siding.
                                                           Dated: 18/02/23

       LN898 - NEVILLE HILL EAST JN TO HULL
       Gilberdyke Junction

       SG1901 Up Hull, Down Direction
       There is no safe cess for drivers to change ends when stood at SG1901 signal so drivers must walk through the train. If
       this is not possible, the Down Hull line must be blocked by the signaller at York ROC, Brough Workstation before changing
       ends.
                                                           Dated: 28/12/18




       December 2006                 153
