                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




       LN740 - GRIMSBY, MARSH WEST JN TO HUMBER ROAD JN
       Immingham East Jn

       Working at junction of Up Locomotive Line and Up Goods Line at East End of locomotive Shed. Before locomotives
       leaving the Locomotive Depot upon the Up Locomotive line at the east end of the Locomotive Depot are permitted to foul
       the Up Through Siding, Drivers must satisfy themselves that no train is approaching on the Up Goods line. Similarly
       before trains running on the Up Through Siding are permitted to foul the Up Locomotive line. Drivers must satisfy
       themselves that no locomotives are leaving the Locomotive Depot.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN740 - GRIMSBY, MARSH WEST JN TO HUMBER ROAD JN
       Immingham Reception Sidings SB (IR)

       1. A movement between the Reception Sidings or Storage Sidings and Humber Road Junction or vice versa may be
          hauled, propelled (subject to the limitations in Table B) or worked with a locomotive at each end to facilitate reversal.
          The Guard or Shunter in charge of the movement must advise the Signaller how the movement is to be worked,
          whether a locomotive is to be detached when the movement reverses and also whether the movement is fully fitted
          and if not, whether there is a brakevan.
       2. When the movement has arrived complete and is at a stand at IR100 signal (Down Main) or in rear of IR213 signal
          (Up Main), the Guard or Shunter must advise the Signaller.
       3. After reaching a clear understanding with the Driver of a train standing at IR100 signal that the train will not be
          moved, the Signaller is authorised to permit a light locomotive to pass IR207 signal at Danger to attach to the rear of
          the train.
       4. A locomotive may be detached from the rear of a train standing at IR213 signal and the light locomotive may then
          follow the train as far as IR213 signal where the provisions of Rule Book Module TW3 Section 12.2 must be carried
          out.
       5. Propelled movements from the Reception Sidings to the rear of IR213 signal are permitted to convey a red light on
          the leading vehicle; the provisions of Rule Book Module TW1, Section 14.1 are amended accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       LN740 - GRIMSBY, MARSH WEST JN TO HUMBER ROAD JN
       Entire Line Of Route

       Immingham Dock Siding Level Crossings

       Locomotives must not exceed a speed of 4 m.p.h. when passing over level crossings in the Dock area.
       Drivers of locomotives, when approaching all level crossings in the Dock area, must sound the locomotive warning horn to
       give warning of approach.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 73
