London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2




LN150 - FLYOVER EAST JN TO DECOY NORTH JN
Down Decoy Yard
Doncaster
Due to restricted clearance between the Down Main Line and No.1 Reception Road, trains must not be prepared on No.1
Reception.
When entering the sidings, unless advised to the contrary, the Driver must bring the train to a stand at the STOP AWAIT
INSTRUCTIONS board on the arrival siding.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06
LN170 - WERRINGTON JN. TO FLYOVER EAST JN. VIA LINCOLN
LINCOLN CENTRAL
Stabling of Empty Multiple Units in Platforms 3,4,5 at Lincoln Central Station.
Empty Diesel Multiple Unit may be stabled unattended on platforms 3,4, or 5 at Lincoln Central Station subject to the
following criteria.
When it is required to stable an empty Diesel Multiple Unit, which is to occupy platforms 3,4, or 5, the Signaller at Lincoln
Signalling Centre, in conjunction with the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must ensure that:-
    •    There is sufficient room to accommodate the Unit.
Before the Unit is left unattended, the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must confirm to the Signaller at Lincoln
Signalling Centre that:-
    •    All unsupervised driving cab doors have been locked.
    •    A portable flashing tail lamp is displayed at each end of the stabled Unit.
When it is necessary to allow a subsequent empty Diesel Multiple Unit, that requires to stable, to enter any already
occupied platform line, whether to stable separately or to couple to another empty Diesel Multiple Unit, the Signaller at
Lincoln Signalling Centre, in conjunction with the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must ensure that:-
    •    There is sufficient room to accommodate the Unit.
Before the empty Diesel Multiple Unit is left unattended, the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must confirm to
the Signaller at Lincoln Signalling Centre that:-
    •    All unsupervised driving cab doors have been locked.
    •    A portable flashing tail lamp is displayed at each end of each of the stabled Unit/s.
When it is required to remove a Unit that has been stabled, the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must advise
the signaller at Lincoln Signalling Centre accordingly.
When the Unit has departed, the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must confirm to the Signaller at Lincoln
Signalling Centre:-
    •    All unsupervised driving cab doors have been locked on any remaining Units.
    •    A portable flashing tail lamp is displayed at each end of each of any remaining stabled Units.




December 2006                                                 124
