London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8


6.2      If a train is to stop in section other than for a short time at a station, the driver must inform the signaller when the
         token is withdrawn. If there is a telephone to the signaller at the point where the train stops, or contact can be
         made by radio the driver must inform the signaller on arrival, and again when the train is ready to depart. In the
         case of an engineering train or Officer’s Special train stopping in section, the signaller must be informed of the
         train’s progress by means of the first available telephone or by radio, after it has restarted.
7.       SECTION OBSTRUCTED BY FAILED TRAIN OR CROSSING LOOP AT GLAISDALE OBSTRUCTED
7.1      A failed train must not be divided on the single line.
7.2      If one line of the crossing loops at Glaisdale is obstructed and it is necessary to run trains over the unobstructed
         line, a competent person must be appointed at the crossing loop to supervise the token arrangements and the
         securing of points.
7.3      If a train fails on arrival at Glaisdale:
(i)      the driver after arranging for assistance must proceed to the appropriate points indicator and place three
         detonators on the line on the approach to it.
(ii)     the driver must not place the token in the instrument but must retain it in his cab until the assisting train has
         arrived. It must then be shown to the driver of the assisting train and placed in the instrument when the assisting
         train has cleared the single line, and then a token obtained for the train to proceed to the token station to which
         the train will proceed.
7.4      If a train fails (or can not go forward immediately) at Glaisdale or Battersby after obtaining a token and permission
         to proceed, but before passing the "Stop obtain token and permission to proceed" board, the driver must
         immediately advise the signaller and act on his/ her instructions with regard to the token and any protection
         required.
         If the driver cannot immediately communicate with the signaller he/ she must arrange for three detonators to be
         placed on the line on the approach to the points indicator in rear of the train.
7.5      The token must remain with the driver of a failed train except when a train fails between Glaisdale and Whitby
         and there is a traction unit in the sidings at Bog Hall ground frame or on the North Yorkshire Moors Railway at
         Grosmont which can render assistance, in which case the token may, provided the Nunthorpe signaller's
         permission has been obtained, be taken by the driver, fireman or pilotman to Bog Hall or Grosmont to release the
         ground frame after assistance protection has been carried out.
8.       FAILURE OF TELEPHONES
8.1      If there is a failure of the telephones at the token instruments, the driver must use any other means to
         communicate with the signaller, but permission MUST be obtained before a token is withdrawn.
8.2      Working by pilotman must be introduced if all communication from the token station has failed.
9.       TOKEN DAMAGED OR LOST, OR FAILURE OF TOKEN EQUIPMENT
9.1      If the driver is unable to withdraw a token from the instrument at a remote token station, he must advise the
         signaller, and if at Glaisdale or Whitby attempt to withdraw a token from the appropriate instrument on the other
         platform.
         IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES, AT GLAISDALE THE DRIVER MUST TAKE GREAT CARE TO ENSURE THAT
         HE WITHDRAWS THE CORRECT TOKEN FOR THE SECTION OF LINE OVER WHICH HIS TRAIN IS ABOUT
         TO RUN.
9.2      If a token is damaged or lost, or if there is a failure of the token equipment, and in addition there is a failure of the
         telephones at the token instruments, Working by pilotman must be introduced.
9.3      When Working by Pilotman is in operation, the driver must, if not accompanied by the pilotman, telephone the
         signaller when the train has arrived complete with tail lamp at a token station.
9.4      During a failure of token equipment between Whitby and Glaisdale, a North Yorkshire Moors Railway train may
         be allowed to proceed from Grosmont onto the Network Rail single line provided that the Pilotman is present with
         the token. If necessary, the signaller may authorise the technician to release a token to the Pilotman to enable a
         train to proceed from or return to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway. Any token so released must be retained by
         the pilotman unless required to be handed to a competent person to operate a ground frame, or to be
         surrendered to the technician. On completion of any movement the token must immediately be returned by the
         competent person to the pilotman. If a North Yorkshire Moors Railway train is already on the single line when the
         token equipment fails, it must be dealt with as instructed by Operations Control.
9.5      If the driver is unable to place a token in an instrument at a remote token station, he must advise the signaller
         and if at Glaisdale or Whitby then attempt to place it in the appropriate instrument on the other platform.
         IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES, IF AT GLAISDALE THE DRIVER MUST TAKE GREAT CARE TO ENSURE
         THAT HE PLACES THE TOKEN IN THE CORRECT INSTRUMENT FOR THE SECTION OF LINE
         CONCERNED.
If the driver is unable to place the token in an instrument, the train must not proceed until a competent person (other than
a member of the traincrew) has been appointed at the token station to supervise the token arrangements.
.



December 2006                                                 107
