London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2



The ENIF Test Train is a class 313 EMU painted in the Network Rail yellow departmental train livery. When
the test site is in place this train will travel in either direction between the ‘Test Train Stop Boards’ on the
Down Hertford Line. The train headlights and red tail lights will be displayed according to the direction that the
Test Train is travelling.
Until further notice staff should treat the Down Hertford Line between Molewood Junction and Bragbury
Junction as bi-directional at all times.
Red zone working is banned on the Down Hertford Line between WL1950 signal (near Molewood Junction)
and the ‘Test Train Limit Board’ WL2201 (near Bragbury Junction) at all times.
Service trains passing over the Hertford Loop Lines

Service trains travelling on the Down Hertford Line should ignore the ‘Test Train Limit Boards’. They are used
as part of the ETCS test train operations and indicate the limits of the test site to the ENIF Test Train. They
are not part of normal train operations.
There are two ‘Test Train Limits Boards’.
    •    WL2201 (25.1230 / 25m 55ch) on the approach to WL1965 signal near Bragbury Junction.
    •    WL2290 (21.1431 / 21m 65ch) ahead of Molewood Junction on the Down Hertford Line but would only
         be encountered by a train travelling on a wrong-direction move.
The ‘Test Train Limit Boards’ are a blue background with the words ‘Test Train’ in white letters with a white
square containing a red St Andrews cross.




During the time when the Test Track is in use the control of the portion of track between Molewood Junction
and Bragbury Junction will be transferred from Kings Cross PSB to ENIF Control at Hitchin, who will signal the
Test Train in both direction using ERTMS movement authorities on the Down Line. Drivers of service trains in
either direction on the Up Hertford line should expect at times to see the ENIF train travelling in either direction
on the Down Hertford Line. They may also witness unusual sequence of signal aspects on the Down Hertford
Line.
Reporting of trespassers, unusual occurrences and emergencies

There is no change to the procedures for reporting of trespassers, unusual occurrences and emergencies on
the Down Hertford Line. All calls should go through the signaller at Kings Cross PSB.
When a line blockage is required within the ENIF test site area
If a line blockage is required at the time when the ENIF test site is in use the Test Train must be moved to a
position where it will not affect the work or the signals used for protection. The test site must be given back to
the signaller at Kings Cross PSB before the arrangements for setting up the line blockage are implemented.
                                                                                                       Dated: 15/07/13

LN125 - HITCHIN, CAMBRIDGE JN TO CAMBRIDGE
Cambridge Jn To Shepreth Branch Jn.
The following restrictions to electric traction apply:-
Class 89, 90 and 91 locomotives and electric locomotive hauled-propelled-push-pull trains are prohibited except that one
electric locomotive-hauled-propelled-push-pull train may be permitted to occupy the Cambridge line on either the Down
Cambridge line between signals K.943 and K.945 or the Up Cambridge line between signals K.944 and K.946.


                                                                                                       Dated: 17/05/09




December 2006                                              122
