London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
Neville Hill Depot

Arrivals

The normal route for trains arriving at the West End of the depot will be by the Depot Arrival Line.
When a train is routed from the Down Hull Main through the facing connection (2317 points) to the Departure Sidings it
must be brought to a stand at the West End Console Cabin from where it will be accompanied by a Shunter until
completion of the movement.
Departures

Normal departure of trains will be at the West End of the depot by the clearance of Position Light Signal L779 with an
appropriate indication (M= Up Hull Main, G= Up Hull Goods Line).
On receiving Authority for departure from the West End Console Operator (Or Shunter) the movement will proceed
towards the STOP board located on the approach to Position Light Signal L779 and act in accordance with the instructions
displayed, (Proceed When L779 Signal is clear). A contact number for the West End Console is also displayed.
Departures from the East End of the depot may be made via the Ground Frame and will be accompanied by a Shunter.
Before such a move is made, staff involved must come to a clear understanding with the Signaller at York IECC (Leeds
East Workstation) as to what is required. Permission to approach the Ground Frame must be obtained from the West End
Console Operator.
Depot Speeds

The Depot speed limit is 5 mph excluding the following locations within the depot:-
a)   Fuel Shed 3 mph
b)   Underframe cleaning 3 mph
c)   Washer plant 3 mph
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
Neville Hill Up Sidings

Up Sidings. Trains arriving on the Up Sidings Arrival Line from the West must proceed to the notice board at the East end,
worded "STOP, PROCEED IF LINE CLEAR".
When the person in charge is not on duty at the sidings, the Guard, or in the case of a light locomotive, the Driver, must
advise the Signaller at York ROC Leeds East Workstation when the train or locomotive on the Up Side Arrival Line has
been cleared from that line.
Movements along the Up Sidings Arrival Line from East to West are prohibited unless permission of the Signaller at York
ROC Leeds East Workstation has been obtained.
                                                                                                           Dated: 28/12/18

LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
Marsh Lane Jn. To Neville Hill West Jn.

Single Line Working when the Down Hull Main line and Down Hull Goods Loop are blocked.

When both Down lines are blocked, Down trains must be worked as follows:
     •   they must be signalled using the bi-directional signalling from Quarry Hill Jn over the Up Hull Main line to signal
         L188.
     •   a Pilotman must be appointed, and remain at signal L188 to authorise trains to proceed over the Up Hull Goods
         line and pass signal L190 (the Limit of Shunt) and proceed to and observe ground position light signal L775. A
         Handsignaller will not be appointed opposite signal L773 due to restricted clearances.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                138
