                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
       LEEDS To Ardsley Tunnel

       All Train Operator Companies Controls must advise Network Rail Control of the following trains which are to proceed from
       Leeds station towards Wakefield Westgate:
       1. A 225 train formed of 2 class 91s with one loco dead (double headed or top and tailed)
       2. A class 91 on 3 traction motors
       3. A Class 253/254 train with one power car shut down and unassisted, or assisted by a locomotive of less than 1470 h.p.
       If any of the above apply, Network Rail Control will advise you of the circumstances.
       On receipt of such advice, the Signaller at York must not clear the signal at the end of the platform concerned until it has
       been ascertained that the route is clear to signal L208.
       The clearing of the signal at the end of the platform in these circumstances is no guarantee that the route will remain clear
       throughout, and the Driver must continue to observe and obey all signals.
       Where possible, signallers should avoid bringing the train to a stand at L3606. This is to prevent the risk of stalling on the
       incline and/or operating the locomotive safeset equipment, when starting away.
                                                           Dated: 27/12/18

       LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
       LEEDS

       Between Leeds And Bradford Forster Square

       When a Class 225 train for Bradford Forster Square is in reverse formation from Leeds (ie 91 loco leading), the Driver
       must advise the Signaller at York before departure from Leeds.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN836 - DONCASTER, MARSHGATE JN TO NEVILLE HILL EAST JN
       Neville Hill Depot

       Protection System: Reception Sidings 1, 2, 3, 4

       Equipment
       Double sided boards are located on each siding at both the West and the East End. Each board is capable of displaying a
       white or red light.
       Method of working
       When a Red light is displayed on the entrance or exit from a Reception siding, no rail movement may be made to or from
       that Reception siding.
       When a White light is displayed movements may be made to or from that Reception siding.
       All movements which are made to or from a Reception siding must have the authority of the West End Console Operator.
       This information may be conveyed by a Shunter.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 137
