                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6



LN804 - TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
Nunnery Main Line Jn to Holmes Jn

Instructions To Traincrews And Other Persons Concerned Working On Network Rail Lines Adjacent
To South Yorkshire P.T.E. Supertram

Supertram lines run adjacent to Network Rail lines at the following locations:-
between Meadowhall Station and Bridge 12A (Tinsley Viaduct)
Additionally, Supertram lines pass over Network Rail lines at Nunnery Main Line Jn.
Except where clearances are inadequate, a fence is provided between Network Rail lines and Supertram lines.
Supertram lines are electrified at 750v DC overhead and the equipment must be regarded as alive at all times. The
provisions of Rule Book Module AC must be observed as far as is practicable; reference to the Electrical Control Room or
Electrical Control Operator must be taken to refer to the Supertram Electrical Power Controller.
If anything unsafe is observed or an emergency arises where it is necessary to stop or restrict in any way traffic on the
Supertram line, the Signaller at York ROC Sheffield WS must be advised. Int 085 42001 Ext. 033 085 42001. If it would
be quicker to do so, the Supertram control (tel.no.Sheffield (0114) 2798128) must first be informed direct.
Except at Meadowhall, Supertram lines are not signalled and track circuit operating clips must not be relied upon to stop a
Supertram train in an emergency. If circumstances arise which require isolation of the overhead line equipment, the
Supertram Authorised Person will issue a Permit to Work.
Engineering work which requires the opposite/adjoining line to be blocked or protected must not normally be carried out on
lines which adjoin the Supertram line unless preplanned. In an emergency, work must not start until an assurance has
been obtained from the Signaller that the Supertram line has been blocked or arrangements for its protection have been
agreed and are in place.
Persons who work on Network Rail lines must not go onto the Supertram except in emergency or when authorised to do
so. Supertram staff who are trained in personal track safety will carry a SYPTE Supertram Track Access Pass and may
come onto adjacent Network Rail lines when necessary.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/05/16

LN804 - TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
MEADOWHALL

Between 08.00 and 19.00 hours

Drivers of all trains not booked to call at Meadowhall Station must sound the locomotive horn when approaching the
Station.
Cleaning of Meadowhall Station covered footbridge exterior windows will take place on selected Sundays between 01 00
and 07 30. Drivers to note this will involve the use of a cradle above the Down and Up Main lines.
                                                                                                           Dated: 30/08/08

LN804 - TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
Moorthorpe Jn

Rule Book Module P1
Single Line working over the Up Pontefract line
When single line working is in operation over the Up Pontefract line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller for
Down direction trains. Drivers of Down direction trains must be instructed by the pilotman to obey signal L6579.
Rule Book module P1 sections 3.5a) and 6.2a) are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Down trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the pilotman.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                                                                           Dated: 31/05/11




December 2006                                                 41
