London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




LN784 - HIGH MARNHAM TO SHIREBROOK EAST JN
High Marnham To Thoresby Colliery Jn

The Rail innovation and Development Centre (RIDC) is from the “Start of Staff Section” board on the Up line on T4 signal
at 17m 48ch to High Marnham and from High Marnham to the “End of Staff Section” board on T28 signal at 17m 25ch on
the Down line. The RIDC also includes the Bevercotes Branch from it connection to the Down line at 20m 15ch to 1m..
The working of trains on RIDC is a modified form of One Train Working With divisible Staff from Thoresby Colliery Junction
to the end of the operational line at 27m 55ch.
The following people are authorised to take the Staff/Annett’s Key from Thoresby Colliery Jn signal box Signaller:-
•   Technical Officer (TO)
•   Duty Technical Officer (DTO)
•   Local Operations Manager
•   Section Manager (Track)
•   Assistant Section Manager (Track)
The Driver of each train travelling to the RIDC must stop at the board lettered “Start of Staff Section” on T4 signal (17m
48ch), and contact the Signaller. The train must not proceed until the Staff has been obtained and T4 signal shows a
proceed aspect.
Up direction trains will travel over the Up line between Thoresby Colliery Jn signal box and Boughton Jn. The points at
Boughton Jn must be operated before a train can proceed onto the Single line. Down direction trains will travel over the
Down line which is bi-directional between Boughton Jn and Thoresby Colliery Jn signal box . Trains that are carrying out
proving operations must not pass the “Reversing Point” notice board positioned adjacent to the Down Main line at 17m
37ch. The train staff will be kept in Thoresby Colliery Jn signal box when not in use.
A proving run for the first vehicle each day must be conducted as per local instructions at slow speed not exceeding
20mph.
The Driver of each train exiting from the RIDC must stop at the board lettered “End of Staff Section. Return Staff to SB”
on T28 signal (17m 25ch), and contact the Signaller. The train must not proceed until the Staff has been returned and T28
signal shows a proceed aspect.
NOTE: The staff must always be returned before a train is allowed to leave the branch, even if it is only required to ‘run
round’ before re-entering the branch.
                                                                                                            Dated: 01/04/13

LN784 - HIGH MARNHAM TO SHIREBROOK EAST JN
Welbeck Colliery Jn

Trains setting back from the Up Main line to the Welbeck Colliery Branch.

When the “Off” indicator for 3-aspect colour light signal C233 is illuminated for a train to set back from the Up Main line to
the Welbeck Colliery Branch, it will not be necessary for the Driver to comply with Rule Book Module SS2, Section 3.2 but
he must proceed cautiously, keeping a sharp look out and be prepared to act on any hand signal received from the Guard
or Shunter.
Propelled movements from the Welbeck Colliery Branch to the Up Main line.

A red light is permitted to be carried on the leading vehicle of a propelling movement between Up Welbeck line 3-aspect
colour light signal C222 on the Welbeck Colliery Branch and the Up Main line.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13




December 2006                                                 80
