                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2




When the last remaining Unit/s are to cease being stabled, the Person in Charge at Lincoln Central Station must:-
    •    Advise the signaller at Lincoln Signalling Centre that stabling on the platform line has ceased, and that normal
         working may be resumed.
In exceptional circumstances, or when the Lincoln Central Station is unstaffed, drivers can carry out the duties of the
Person in Charge in this instruction.
                                                                                                            Dated: 08/11/10

LN185 - ALLINGTON WEST JN TO SKEGNESS
ANCASTER

Up Siding. When attaching or detaching vehicles to or from a train at this location, the rear portion of the train must be
left on the main line outside the Up Home signal. The locomotive must not be uncoupled until the hand brakes on at least
one-third of the vehicles have been applied and in addition, at least two scotches applied to the wheels.
Vehicles detached into the siding must be placed on the approach side of the gantry.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

LN185 - ALLINGTON WEST JN TO SKEGNESS
Sleaford East SB (SE)

Failure of track circuits. During a failure of a track circuit on the Single line between Sleaford East Signal box and
Sleaford East Jn, working by Pilotman need not be introduced, provided the Signaller at Sleaford East Signal box is able
to satisfy himself that the line is clear. The Driver will be advised of the circumstances when he is instructed to pass a
signal controlling the entrance to the affected portion of the line at Danger. If the train subsequently stops on the affected
portion of line owing to accident or failure, detonator protection must be carried out.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                 125
