                                                            OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




LUCAS TRACK CIRCUITS
The above type of track circuit is liable to produce a wrong side failure when occupied by a vehicle fitted with a track circuit
actuator. Vehicles fitted with operative Track Circuit Actuators (this includes ALL Class 14X, 15X, 16X, 170 and 22X units)
must NOT run over the following lines:-

Great Coates No.1 to Immingham East Jn

Ferrybridge Power Station lines

                                                                         London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 27/12/18


Modified Working Arrangements on Single lines Rule
Book Module P2 Section 7
Introduction
Prior to the introduction of Working by Pilotman, Modified Working may be authorised by the Network Rail Route Control
Manager (East Midlands) Responsible Person (LNE), for a period of up to two hours, or until a Pilotman arrives.
In exceptional circumstances the period of up to two hours may be extended subject to the agreement of the Network Rail
Route Control Manager (East Midlands) Responsible Person (LNE), the Responsible Person and the Train/Freight
Operating companies involved.
In the event of signalling equipment failure on the single lines listed in the table and a Pilotman is not readily available,
modified working may be introduced providing:
The Signaller is able to work the points giving access to/egress from the single line or they can be set and detected for the
    passage of trains.
Direct verbal communication is available between all Signallers involved and the Responsible Person.
Method of working
In the event of a failure of signalling equipment the Network Rail Route Control Manager will decide whether a Pilotman is
available or, if not, consider authorising Modified Working.
If Modified Working is authorised, a Responsible Person will be appointed who will ascertain that the single line concerned
is clear and that the last train passed clear complete with tail lamp. When this has been done, the Responsible Person will
give permission for the Signaller to issue/dictate a Modified Working ticket RT3177 to authorise the passage of the next
train. This procedure will be repeated by the Responsible Person for each train which passes over the single line under
Modified Working arrangements.
During Modified Working
Once the Signaller has been given authority by the Responsible Person and the arrangements have been confirmed with
any other Signaller involved, and the line is clear in accordance with the train signalling regulations the signaller may then
issue/dictate the RT3177 ticket to the Driver and advise them of any additional information.
When the Driver has read back all the information on the RT3177 ticket along with any additional information and the
Signaller is satisfied that a clear understanding has been reached, the Signaller may authorise the Driver to pass the
protecting signal at Danger and proceed cautiously.
Once a train has been admitted to the single line under Modified Working arrangements, the Signaller(s) concerned must
not authorise any subsequent train (except to assist a failed train) to pass the protecting signals for the single line until it
has been confirmed that the train has passed clear of the single line complete with tail lamp.
 Once the train has passed clear of the single line, the Driver must, if previously instructed to do so, stop at the location
identified on the RT3177 and contact the Signaller controlling the exit from the single line. The Driver must confirm if the
train is complete with tail lamp.
In the event of a failed train, obstruction or any other exceptional circumstance, a clear understanding must be reached
between the Responsible Person, all Signallers and Drivers involved before any further movement is authorised.
Lines Where Modified Working is authorised




February 2021                                                   36                   (Supplement No. 49 – 27 February 2021)
