                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7



       LN880 - YORK TO SCARBOROUGH
       MALTON

       Down trains terminating or delayed at Malton Station.

       Whenever a Down train arrives and terminates or is unduly delayed at Malton Station awaiting departure, the Guard must
       communicate with the Signaller at Malton SB by means of the platform telephone and confirm the train is complete with tail
       lamp attached.
                                                           Dated: 28/12/18
       LN880 - YORK TO SCARBOROUGH
       Seamer West Jn To SCARBOROUGH

       Single Line Working
       Rule Book Module P1
       When single line working is in operation over the Up Scarborough line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller
       for Down direction trains. Drivers of Down direction trains must be instructed by the pilotman to obey signal YS6193.
       Rule Book module P1 sections 3.5a) and 6.2a) are modified accordingly.
       Drivers of Down trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the pilotman.
       The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                           Dated: 01/11/10
       LN880 - YORK TO SCARBOROUGH
       SEAMER

       Up Sidings

       Due to there being no standard 10 foot clearance between the Up Main and Up Sidings No. 1 only Up Siding No. 2,
       furthest away from the Up Main, must be used for stabling of trains including Engineering Trains and On Track machines.
       Up Siding No. 1, nearest to the Up Main, must only be used for run-round movements. No person must walk along the
       side of a train/vehicle standing on Up siding No. 1 unless the Up Main line has been closed to traffic.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06
       LN880 – YORK TO SCARBOROUGH
       SCARBOROUGH

       Excursion Sidings
       Due to there being restricted clearance between the Excursion Siding No.1 and the Down Scarborough line, Excursion
       Siding No.1 must not be used for stabling of trains including Engineering Trains and On Track machines, and must only be
       used for run-round movements. No person must walk along the side of a train/vehicle standing on Excursion Siding No.1
       unless the Down Scarborough line has been closed to traffic.
                                                           Dated: 01/11/10
       LN880 – YORK TO SCARBOROUGH
       SCARBOROUGH

       Down Excursion Sidings
       Before proceeding towards the sidings, the traincrew must advise the signaller that they are in possession of the turntable
       equipment (if required) from the locked cabinet on platform 1.
       Before a second train is authorised to depart from signal YS6198 towards the Excursion sidings, the person in charge of
       the train movement already in the sidings must give permission to the signaller for the second train to enter the siding.
       The person in charge of train movements in the siding is responsible for authorising train movements to pass the “Stop
       Await Instructions” boards (YS6187, YS6195, YS6197).
                                                           Dated: 01/11/10




       December 2006                 148
