                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3



       Under PIC Working conditions the PIC is responsible for authorising all movements within York Yard down sidings.
       Hand points MUST always be returned for safety of movements to/from YYN 1 siding prior to completion of PIC Working
       arrangements.
       The Driver’s authority is only to proceed as far as any Stop Board.
       Drivers proceeding to Skelton OTM sidings must advise the PIC on arrival within the OTM sidings that they have arrived
       complete.
       When the PIC is to leave duty or there is a change of PIC, they will contact the Shift Signaller Manager and confirm any
       previously authorised movements have been completed and inform them of the status of YYN 1 siding and if necessary,
       points have been returned for the safety of moves to/from YYN1 siding.
       The PIC must advise the relevant Signaller of any movement requiring to leave York Yard down sidings.
       When all movements have been completed. Unless they have received prior permission from the relevant company,
       vehicles must not be left in a position where they can block access for other companies’ trains or vehicles.
       If an electric train is required to be stabled in any of the electrified sidings or remain there after the PIC has left duty, the
       PIC must confirm to the SSM that the pantograph has been lowered and will remain so until otherwise authorised before
       leaving duty.
       CONTROL OF MOVEMENTS – DRIVER ONLY WORKING – YORK YARD UP SIDINGS
       York Yard Up Sidings - Driver only working
       Driver Only Working must not commence until a clear understanding has been reached that any previously authorised
       movements have been completed.
       The Driver is responsible to check that any hand points are set correctly for the safety of the move.
       During Driver Only Working the train driver is responsible for obtaining the Signallers permission to proceed past the stop
       board at the exit of Leeman Road Store Yard sidings or the York Yard South Wagon Repair Depot towards signal Y245.
       Any shunting movement requiring a train to be split or propelled must be completed under PIC Working arrangements
       CONTROL OF MOVEMENTS – PIC WORKING – YORK YARD UP SIDINGS
       When PIC Working is in operation a PIC must be in charge (as per General Instruction above)
       PIC Working must not commence until a clear understanding has been reached that any previously authorised movement
       has been completed.
       During PIC Working the Signaller must obtain authority from the PIC before authorising any movement into York Yard Up
       sidings
       Under PIC Working conditions the PIC is responsible for authorising all movements within York Yard Up sidings.
       Trains Departing York Yard Up Sidings - PIC Working
       The PIC must obtain authority from the relevant Signaller before authorising any movement towards the exit signal.
       When all movements have been completed. Unless they have received prior permission from the relevant company,
       vehicles must not be left in a position where they can block access for other companies’ trains or vehicles.
       The PIC will ask the signaller for permission before authorising any movement past the Stop Board at the exit from
       Leeman Road Store Yard towards signal Y245.
       The PIC must tell the SSM that work is complete, and that Driver Only Working may be resumed. The SSM must also be
       advised of the status of York Yard Up Arrivals No1 & No2.
       ELECTRIC TRAIN
       If electric train is to be stabled in any of the electrified sidings, or to remain there after the PIC has left duty, the PIC must
       confirm to the SSM that the pantograph has been lowered and will remain so until otherwise authorised before leaving
       duty.
       If the signaller requests a Blockage to Electric Traction whilst the PIC is on duty the PIC must arrange for pantographs to
       be lowered and advise the SSM when this has been completed and confirm they will remain lowered until otherwise
       authorised.
       ENGINEERING WORK
       If engineering work affecting the signalling of trains is to take place within York Yard Up or Down sidings and PIC Working
       is in place the PIC must be consulted before any work commences.
                                                         Dated: 02/01/2021




       December 2006                 52
