                                                         OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4



LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
WELLINGBOROUGH
Down sidings
When a train requires to enter these sidings, the Shunter must, after satisfying himself that all hand points are correctly
set for the movement and carrying out the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 3, operate the Shunters’
Acceptance plunger to enable position light ground signal LR.604 to be cleared for the movement.
                                                                                                         Dated: 30/08/08
LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
Harrowden Jn To Kilby Bridge Jn

Bi-Directional working is in place between Harrowden Junction and Kilby Bridge Junction. All COSS/IWA/SWL
setting up a safe system of work in this area must do so in accordance with Handbook 6 General Duties of an individual
working alone, or Handbook 7 General Duties of a controller of site safety, and Handbook 21 Safe Work Leader Blocking a
Line Rulebook Module TS1 Regulation 13.2 and the RIMINI process. Before patrolling in a Red Zone may take place, the
Patrolman must contact the Signaller at Derby EMCC, Kettering Workstation and request the suspension of Bi-Directional
working. The Signaller and the Patrolman must come to a clear understanding as to the location of the patrolling and
complete the documentation provided. If the Signaller is not in a position to suspend Bi-Directional working, then track
patrolling must not take place.
                                                                                                         Dated: 06/12/14
LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
KETTERING
Engineers/Hot Box Sidings. When a train requires to set back into these sidings, the Shunter must, after satisfying
himself that all hand points are correctly set for the movement and carrying out the provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2,
Section 3, after position light ground signal LR.617 has been cleared for the movement, and operate the 'Set back' plunger
to illuminate the white set back lights provided alongside the Up Slow line.
When the white set back lights provided on the left hand side of the Up Slow line are illuminated, the Driver is authorised
to set back cautiously on to 'the Engineers'/Hot Box Siding. If the white set back lights are extinguished, the Driver must
immediately bring his train to a stand.
If it is necessary to stop the propelling movement, the Shunter must press the 'Stop' plunger which will extinguish the set
back lights.
                                                                                                         Dated: 30/08/08
LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
MARKET HARBOROUGH
Obtaining permission to use the Fixed Warning System (FWS)
Before operating the FWS, the COSS / IWA or PC must telephone the Signaller on the Kettering Workstation giving their
Name, Employer, location and contact telephone number.
They must state that they require to use the FWS and for how long. Before allowing the FWS to be operated the Signaller
must have complied with the Signalbox Instruction in relation to the FWS. If use of the FWS is agreed, the Signaller must
record these details in the train register book, and may allow the FWS to be used.
When permission to use the Fixed Warning System (FWS) is to be given up
When the protected area is to be given up, the COSS / IWA must advise the Signaller on the Kettering Workstation of
his/her Name, Employer and location.
They must state that the FWS is no longer required. The Signaller must make an entry in the train register book, and may
then comply with the Signalbox Instruction in relation the FWS.
                                                                                                      Dated: 19/07/2014




December 2006                                               168
