London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



LN634 GUISBOROUGH JN TO WHITBY
NUNTHORPE TO WHITBY

Rule Book Module TS7, No-Signaller Token Regulations
Instructions to Traincrews And Others Concerned For The “No Signaller” Token System On Single
Lines With Remote Crossing Loops (NSTR)

1.         NSTR SYSTEM and TPWS
1.1     The object of the NSTR System is that not more than one train may be permitted in a single line block section
        between two token stations at the same time.
        The line in the platforms at Battersby and Whitby must be treated as station limits with permissive working
        applying for Class 1,2, 3 ECS, 5 and 0 trains only.
1.2     All “Stop obtain token and permission to proceed” boards and the points indicators at Battersby are equipped with
        TPWS train stops. The withdrawal of a token will suppress the train stop for 5 minutes. When it is necessary in
        accordance with these instructions for a driver to pass one of them without a token being withdrawn, the driver
        must operate the TPWS train stop override button.
        DEFINITION OF TERMS
        The term “token station” refers to a location where token instruments are provided, either at or remote from
        Nunthorpe signal box.
        Note: Grosmont “intermediate token instrument” is not a token station and is only used by trains passing to and
        from the North Yorkshire Moors Railway.
        The term "Single line block section" refers to the line between the section signal or "Stop obtain token and
        permission to proceed" board at one token station and the signal or "Stop obtain token and permission to
        proceed board" (or the “End of token section” board at Whitby), at the next token station in the same direction of
        travel.
2.      DRIVERS NOT TO LEAVE A TOKEN STATION OR INTERMEDIATE TOKEN INSTRUMENT AT GROSMONT
        WITHOUT A TOKEN AND OBSERVING PROPER PROCEDURES
2.1     The driver must firstly obtain the Nunthorpe signaller’s permission before withdrawing a token from an
        instrument. When requesting permission, the driver must state the train’s identity and its location, the place to
        which it is to proceed and where applicable give the signaller an assurance that a steady blue TPWS status light
        is showing at the token instrument.
        When a token has been withdrawn, where applicable the steady blue TPWS status light will then change to a
        flashing blue light and will flash for 5 minutes indicating the TPWS is correctly suppressed. If after the token has
        been withdrawn the blue TPWS status light ceases flashing or fails to commence flashing, the signaller must be
        informed.
        With the exception of Grosmont Intermediate token instrument for a train departing Grosmont to Whitby, or a train
        departing Whitby platform 2, a token must not be withdrawn more than 5 minutes before the booked departure
        time of the train. This instruction also applies for a train departing Grosmont towards Glaisdale. If the train does
        not depart within 5 minutes of the token’s withdrawal, the signaller must be advised as the TPWS will no longer
        be suppressed. The driver must with the signaller’s permission replace the token in the instrument and remove
        another token in order to suppress the TPWS again.
        The driver must obtain verbal permission from the signaller to pass a Stop Board after a token has been
        obtained.
2.2     The driver must be in possession of the correct token before leaving a token station or Grosmont intermediate
        token instrument unless:-
        (a)        the train is worked by two or more locomotives in which case the token must be shown to each driver
                 and carried by the driver of the leading locomotive or
        (b)       the line is under possession or
        (c)      working by pilotman applies or a special authority card is issued or
        (d)       the train is to enter an obstructed section to assist a failed train or to remove a portion of a divided train.
2.3     The TPWS Uninterrupted Power Supply status (UPS) is indicated by a steady blue light in the token cabinet. If
        this light is extinguished, the TPWS (UPS) has failed and must be reported to the signaller. The signaller will
        advise the driver of every train of the circumstances and instruct the driver to operate his TPWS override button
        before passing the Stop Board until the TPWS (UPS) Power Supply is restored.
2.4   The following communication protocol must be used whenever a token is to be exchanged:



December 2006                                                105
