                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4




       LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
       DERBY

       Derby R.T.C. Yard

       Acceptance of trains to Derby RTC Yard, The signaller controlling movements to Derby RTC Yard must gain the
       permission of the duty shunter before allowing a movement to be made towards Derby RTC Yard from the protecting
       signals. If there is no shunter on duty and there has been no prior agreement for the train to enter the yard (see section
       below), the signaller must contact NDS Infrastructure Group Control (IGC) on 01908 723500 (choose option 3 followed by
       option 2) for instructions.
       When shunting staff are not available. Two unattended departures and arrivals can be authorised by the duty shunter.
       The duty shunter must advise the signaller controlling movements to/from Derby RTC Yard of the arrangements prior to
       leaving duty. These details must include train headcodes and route into/from the yard to be used. The duty shunter will
       also advise the driver of the unattended movement and SRO control as to the details, including stabling and disposal
       arrangements.
       Control of shunting movements. The control of shunting operations is prohibited between the Down Main line and the
       Reception Road.
       Propelling movements. Propelling movements to or from the above sidings are prohibited.
                                                           Dated: 03/12/17

       LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
       DERBY
       Working Of Diverted Services
       When there is a requirement to divert services between Derby/Nottingham/Leicester via Sheet Stores Junction and
       Stenson Junction, then the services concerned will be routed accordingly at Derby or Sheet Stores Junction.
       Down direction services will be routed from Sheet Stores Junction via the Down Chellaston line to the Down Main line at
       Stenson Junction where the Driver must bring the train to a stand clear and in rear of ground position light signal DY.300
       for a reversal movement. The Driver must then change ends through the unit or by using the Down Main line cess. When
       a diverted Down direction service is ready to depart to the Up Main line the Person in Charge of the train must advise the
       Signaller in Derby box accordingly.
       Up direction services will be routed from Derby via the Down Main line to Stenson Junction where the Driver must bring
       the train to a stand clear and in rear of ground position light signal DY.300 for a reversal movement. The Driver must then
       change ends through the unit or by using the Down Main line cess. When a diverted Up direction service is ready to depart
       to the Up Chellaston line the Person in Charge of the train must advise the Signaller in Derby box accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 30/08/08

       LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
       DERBY North Jnc

       Shunt movements reversing at DC5078.
       The driver must be able to walk through a train which reverses at this signal. If this is not possible the person arranging the
       movement must advise the signaller and the movement will then be signalled to reverse at signal DC5076 Line D
       Only Signal DC5076 must be used for reversing trains unless the Signaller has received confirmation that the Driver can
       walk through the train
       Permissive movements towards platform 6 Derby from DC5076 signal.
       Before DC5076 is cleared for a permissive move towards platform 6, the train shall be brought to a stand at DC5076, the
       driver shall be advised, that the movement is to proceed into an occupied platform
                                                         Dated: 17/07/2021




       December 2006                 170
