London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1

Rule Book Module M3 – Managing incidents, floods and
snow
Independent snow ploughs
Standard Independent Ploughs
The instructions relating to the movement and use of Standard Independent Snow Ploughs contained in the Rule Book
Module M3, Section 6, will apply to ploughs of this type in number range ADB965189 - ADB965243. These instructions will
also apply to other independent snow ploughs fitted with an operative automatic brake with the exception that the reference
to side flaps is not relevant.
When ploughs are moved from one area to another they should be marshalled either side of the locomotive using screw
coupling where possible, or in the case of a single plough this should be hauled. For parking the ploughs in sidings or
positioning for maintenance the emergency drawbar may be used.
Miniature Snowploughs:-
Complete sets of 3 part miniature snowploughs (2 centre sections, 2 left hand blades and 2 right hand blades comprising one
set) will be fitted to locomotives. When required, the location of these locomotives can be obtained from DB Cargo Control.
The Depot Engineer will be responsible for ensuring that the centre portion of the ploughs are removed by 1 April and any
repairs effected before the ploughs are required for the next winter period.
The Standard Miniature Snowplough is designed not to protrude beyond a fully compressed locomotive buffer but care must
be exercised when coupling such a locomotive to a train and especially when coupling two so fitted locomotives to each other
in order that personal injury is avoided.
When locomotives fitted with snowploughs are taken into sidings or depots, Drivers must prevent damage to the plough
blades by stopping short of any buffer stops, scotches or wheel stops.
                                                                     London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 27/12/18

Rule Book Module P1 - Single line working
If single line working terminates at a junction with a Track Circuit Block single line and it is necessary for a train which has
arrived in the wrong direction to pass at Danger the signal controlling entrance to the TCB single line, the Signaller must
observe the provision of Module TS11, Regulation 9.3 – Unable to clear a stop signal but all track circuits are showing clear.
The Driver will be informed that all track circuits are functioning correctly and instructed to proceed cautiously to the next stop
signal.
                                                                     London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13




December 2006                                                   8
