                                                         OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4

Before the possession is granted:

When a platform line is to be blocked under Rule Book Module T3 and Handbook 11 and ECS is stabled on that
line, the PICOP must supply, and ensure that the following protection is placed on the ECS before completing
section 1 of the RT3198 form.

    •    During daylight - a NOT TO BE MOVED board or a red flag.
    •    During darkness or poor visibility – a NOT TO BE MOVED board and a red light (steady or flashing).
         – These may be the tail lights of the stabled ECS.
    •    PICOP must add his/her own “tag” to the NOT TO BE MOVED board **

The PICOP must make sure this protection is displayed on the platform side of the ECS:

    •    At both ends of the ECS, if it can be driven from either end, or:
    •    On the outer most ends of a raft of ECS.
    •    In addition – That a chock is placed against the wheels of the vehicle closest to the worksite.

Once the work has been completed:

The PICOP in charge must ensure that all ECS protection as described above has been removed, before the
possession is given up, UNLESS, the TOC staff are using the ECS protection for their own protection.

It will be the responsibility of the PICOP to ensure that any chocks placed on the ECS (as instructed above) are
removed prior to possession being given up.

The above instruction has been agreed with the relevant train operators and with East Midlands Trains who are
the recognised TOC who control Nottingham Station.

** A “tag” is a personal identification that is recognised at Nottingham station. These are key tags that have an
individual’s name or job title on a key fob that is attached to the Train Not to Be Moved Board.

                                                                                                              Dated: 16/01/16
LN3207 - TRENT EAST JN TO CLAY CROSS NORTH JN
Toton
EWS Traction Maintenance Depot

Level Crossings at North and South Ends of Depot. Before a locomotive is moved over either of the above level crossings it
must be brought to a stand clear of the crossing. Train Crew must then ensure that no conflicting road or rail movement is
taking place, or about to take place, over the crossing before allowing the locomotive to proceed
                                                                                                              Dated: 30/08/08
LN3207 - TRENT EAST JN TO CLAY CROSS NORTH JN
Toton Centre Jn To Toton North Jn
Locomotive running round train on Down Erewash Fast line
The train will be stopped at signal TC4573 and the locomotive will run round via the Down Toton Goods line.
On arrival at signal TC4573, the driver must obtain an assurance from the signaller that the Down Toton Goods line is stopped
to trains (except for your locomotive).
All coupling/uncoupling and changing ends must be done on the Down Toton Goods side of the train.
When the train is ready to depart from signal TC4588, the driver must advise the signaller and confirm that protection is no
longer required.
Locomotive running round train on Down Erewash Slow line
The train will be stopped at signal TC4571 and the locomotive will run round via the Up Erewash Slow line.
On arrival at signal TC4571, the driver must obtain an assurance from the signaller that the Up Erewash Slow line is stopped to
trains (except for your locomotive).
All coupling/uncoupling and changing ends must be done on the Up Erewash Slow side of the train.
When the train is ready to depart from signal TC4586, the driver must advise the signaller and confirm that protection is no
longer required.
                                                                                                              Dated: 17/10/09
December 2006                                               173
