                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




       SANDITE APPLICATION AND RAIL CONDITIONING
       TRAINS
       1.Types of rail conditioning trains
          1.1 The Railhead Treatment Train (RHTT) consists of converted and specially-adapted wagons hauled by a
            locomotive at each end
          1.2 The Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) consists of a specially-built unit with driving cabs at each end.
          1.3 Where a DMU is used this consists of a specially modified class 117 or 121.
          1.4 All types of train carry out conditioning of the railhead during autumn by a combination of water jetting and the
            application of sandite traction gel.
       2.Speed
          2.1 The maximum speed of trains when water jetting and applying sandite is 60mph, except for the West Coast
            South route where the permitted speed is 60mph when water jetting only.
       3.Notices
          3.1 Notices will be produced detailing the locations where sanditing and water jetting will take place.
          3.2 Operations Control must advise signallers of any deviation from the railhead treatment plan which may be
            agreed to cater for exceptional circumstances or to treat a problem location not normally treated.
          3.3 Signallers must pass details of changes to the booked plan to the train if instructed to do so by Operations
            Control.
       4.Signalling arrangements
          4.1 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Jxx when operating water
            jetting-only diagrams.
          4.2 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Sxx when operating
            diagrams that apply sandite.
          4.3 Where train describers are not in use the rail conditioning train will be described by special bell signal or
            special Is Line Clear signal 3-4-2.
          4.4 All types of rail conditioning trains may be relied upon to operate track circuits whether applying sandite or not.
            When applying sandite, signallers must specially observe the passage of the train and the next train to follow
            over track circuits, where provided.
          4.5 Signallers must deal with any failure by the train to operate a track circuit correctly by immediately applying
            Rule Book Module TS11, Regulation 14 and advising Operations Control of the failure. Rule Book Module
            TS1, Regulation 12 must be applied to all subsequent trains over the affected portion of line until at least 2
            trains have operated the track circuit normally.
                                                   National GI - Dated: 10/12/16




       December 2006                 51C
