                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4




       LN3207 - TRENT EAST JN TO CLAY CROSS NORTH JN
       Toton No. 4 LC (MOCL)
       This is an open level crossing with road traffic signals which are activated when a signalled route is set and a train
       approaches.
       The person in charge of a train movement should not ask the signaller to clear the signal unless the movement can be
       made immediately the signal clears.
       The protecting signal will clear when the road traffic signals have operated for the required time. Failure of the road traffic
       signals will prevent the protecting signals clearing.
       Before a train proceeds over the crossing, the driver (or shunter controlling a propelling movement) must make sure the
       crossing is clear.
       If a protecting signal has to be passed at danger, the signaller will activate the road traffic signals before authorising the
       driver to pass the signal at danger.
       Failure of the road traffic signals will prevent the protecting signals clearing, and a crossing attendant must be appointed to
       take local control. When the attendant has switched on the road traffic signals, the signaller will authorise the driver to
       pass the protecting signal at danger. No rail movements over the crossing are permitted until a crossing attendant is
       appointed.
                                                           Dated: 17/10/09

       LN3207 - TRENT EAST JN TO CLAY CROSS NORTH JN
       Toton North Jn
       Propelling movements to the Loco Arrival or Loco Departure and to/from the Ballast Sidings must only be made to/from
       the Down Toton Goods / Mapperley Goods Branch signals TC4604/4616. The shunter in control of the movement (by
       radio) must be located at Toton No.4 level crossing until the leading end of the train has passed over the crossing. The
       shunter must confirm to the signaller at EMCC that he/she is located at the crossing when requesting the signal to be
       cleared for the movement.
       When the signal has cleared, the signaller must advise the shunter that authority can be given for the movement to start.
                                                           Dated: 17/10/09

       LN3207 - TRENT EAST JN TO CLAY CROSS NORTH JN
       ALFRETON
       Trains booked to call. Trains conveying more than 10 coaches booked to call at the station must be brought to a stand
       with the rear 10 coaches of the train in the platform.
                                                           Dated: 30/08/08

       LN3207 - TRENT EAST JN TO CLAY CROSS NORTH JN
       Entire Line Of Route
       Trowell North Jn and Ilkeston Jn
       Reversal of Trains
       Trains towards Radford Jn may reverse at Signal TC4636 (Down Erewash Slow) if the Driver can walk through the train,
       or at Signal TC4644 (Up and Down Erewash Slow) if the Driver cannot walk through the train.
       Trains towards Toton may reverse at Signal TC4640 (Down Erewash Fast) or Signal TC4636 (Down Erewash Slow) if the
       Driver can walk through the train, or Signal TC4644 if the Driver cannot walk through the train.
       Only Signals TC4640 and TC4644 must be used for reversing trains unless the Signaller has received confirmation that
       the Driver can walk through the train.
                                                           Dated: 30/08/08

       LN3213 - FARRINGDON TO KENTISH TOWN JN
       FARRINGDON To Carlton Road Jn
       The Class 3 trains operating between Bedford and St Pancras/Farringdon as published in the Working Timetable are
       especially authorised to operate as Class 3 trains. This authorisation especially amends Rule Book, Module TW1, Section
       6.
                                                           Dated: 25/02/17



       December 2006                 174
