London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2



LN185 - ALLINGTON WEST JN TO SKEGNESS
BOSTON

Sleaford Sidings. Drivers of trains with work to do at the sidings must bring their trains to a stand at Boston West Street
Junction Signal No.30. After establishing radio communication with the Person in Charge of the movement the Driver must
advise the Signaller when the train is ready to draw forward to the rear of Boston West Street Junction Signal No.24/25.
Modified working arrangements between Boston West Street Junction box and Sibsey box. Prior to the introduction
of Pilot Working, ticket working may be introduced by issue of “Modified Working” tickets, when specially authorised by the
Designated Operations Officer.
Drivers must follow the instructions of the issuing Signaller, and surrender the ticket at Boston West Junction box or
Sibsey box as appropriate.
Two minutes before a train is ready to depart from the Up or Down Platform, the Conductor must operate the ‘Train
Ready To Start’ plunger on the platform.
If it is necessary to cancel the ‘Train Ready To Start’ the plunger must be pressed, pause then pressed again.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06

LN185 - ALLINGTON WEST JN TO SKEGNESS
Red Cap Lane LC (ABCL)

The instructions for Automatic Barrier Crossings, Locally Monitored (ABCL) contained in Rule Book Module TW8,
Section 4.7. In addition, the conditions of Rule Book Module TS9 Instructions 1.10, 1.11 and 1.12 apply at this
crossing.
In the event of a failure, or partial failure of the equipment at this level crossing, the barriers will remain in the lowered
position.
Should a Driver observe a failure, or partial failure, before an Attendant is present, he must advise the Signaller by means
of the telephone provided.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/06/08

LN185 - ALLINGTON WEST JN TO SKEGNESS
Lymn Bank LC (AOCL-X) To Seacroft LC (AOCL-X)

Lymn Bank LC, Brewster Lane LC, Matt Pitts Lane LC and Seacroft LC

The instructions for ABCL/AOCL level crossings in the Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4 apply at these crossings
with the following modifications:-
This crossing is operated by approaching trains or the operation of the Driver's plunger.
In the event of the crossing sequence not being initiated by the approach of the train, the Driver must operate the plunger
provided in a locked cabinet (Driver's No.1 key) on the white/red light post to activate the crossing.
                                                                                                                Dated: 24/07/10

LN185 - ALLINGTON WEST JN TO SKEGNESS
HAVENHOUSE

Down platform

Multiple Unit trains consisting of through corridor stock stopping in the down platform at Havenhouse may stop for
passenger use providing that the leading Local Door only is opened at the front of the train. Suitable on train
announcements must be made.
                                                                                                                Dated: 29/11/14




December 2006                                                   127
