                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN928 - SHIPLEY EAST JN. TO BRADFORD FORSTER SQUARE
       Shipley South Jn. To BRADFORD FORSTER SQUARE

       Train Operated Warning System. Provided between Shipley South Jn and 206m 53ch (north of Frizinghall), sections B1 &
       B2 and between 207m 19ch (south of Frizinghall) and the north end of Bradford Forster Square station platforms, sections
       B3 - B5. There is NO TOWS in any of the branch platforms at Shipley nor through Frizinghall Station.
       On a double line, each TOWS section covers both lines. The junction areas of branches are part of the main line TOWS
       section.
       Some TOWS sections include places where trains can stand for a short while in stations or may reverse - remember that
       the Rule Book tells you to move clear if the warning continues to sound and no train comes.
       Operation of the TOWS system is by means of a special key. Turning a key switch either way will change the state of the
       system in that TOWS section to the opposite one; if it is on it will go off and if it is off it will go on. The key switches do not
       have a specific on or off position.
       Key switches are normally positioned back to back on a lineside post. These either control parts of the same TOWS
       section or parts of adjacent TOWS sections. When you turn on the TOWS, you can only turn it off again at either the
       same switch or the next switch along the line in the correct direction, i.e. if the switch you turned it on by was on the Leeds
       side of the post, you must use the next switch towards Leeds to turn it off, or vice versa.




           If the system is turned on at 2 it can be turned off at 2 or 3 but not at 1 or 4.

                 These instructions are for your SAFETY and supplement those in the Rule Book,
                            they do not replace or change them.

                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN932 - SHIPLEY SOUTH JN. TO SHIPLEY WEST JN.
       SHIPLEY

       Platform 5

       In the event of a track circuit failure, this line will normally be worked in the Down direction only and Working by Pilotman
       will not be introduced. If it is necessary to work the line in both directions during a track circuit failure, Working by
       Pilotman will be introduced.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN932 - SHIPLEY SOUTH JN. TO SHIPLEY WEST JN.
       SHIPLEY

       Platform 5 Up Direction Forster Square Single Line

       The AWS magnet provided immediately on the Shipley South side of Platform 5 Up Direction Forster Square Single Line
       starting colour light signal L3965 will only give a warning indication if a train passes the signal at Danger. No AWS
       indication will be received when the signal is cleared. If a warning indication is received the driver must stop immediately,
       unless authority has been given for the signal to be passed at danger.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 167
