London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Temporary And Emergency Speed Restriction Signs

All signs, indicators, and other associated equipment relating to Temporary and Emergency Speed Restrictions, will be of
the standard type used on Network Rail controlled infrastructure, and the speed displayed on Warning Boards and Speed
Indicators will be in miles per hour (mph).
Signs showing the equivalent speed in kilometres per hour (kmh) will be positioned directly beneath the mph signs and
will: -
    •    be made of retro reflective material, and be of the same colours and similar dimensions as mph signs.
    •    be shaped as an elongated hexagon.
    •    bear an indication of the applicable speed in kilometres (rounded down to the nearest
    •    5 kilometres per hour) with the letters ‘kmh’ displayed beneath the numeric value.
Note: - The miles per hour figure will not have “mph” displayed below it.
Both types of signs will be provided at all points where a Temporary/Emergency Speed Restriction is in place. However,
kmh signs will not be provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to Metro
services, and mph signs will not be provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not
available to non Metro services.
 This instruction is replicated in LN627

                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

LN629 - PELAW METRO JN TO PELAW SOUTH JN
Entire Line Of Route

Instructions To Train Crews And Other Persons Concerned Working On Or Near To The Electrified
Overhead Lines.

The above routes are electrified and powered by a 1500 volt D.C. Overhead System.
The Standard Working Instructions for A.C. Electrified lines Rule Book Module G2, Section 8 must be observed and the
Overhead System must be treated as being 25kV at all times. The only exceptions to this are: -
    •    competent Metro staff
    •    relevant infrastructure maintenance staff
who have been trained in the specific requirements and instructions associated with the 1500 volt D.C. Overhead System.
The Electrical Control Room Operator is based in York Electrical Control Room and the contact telephone number is
01904 525622 (external) or 037 5622 (internal).
 This instruction is replicated in LN627, LN628 and LN630

                                                                                                          Dated: 06/06/09




December 2006                                                97
