                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7



       LN914 - HULL (PARAGON) TO SEAMER WEST JN
       Hunmanby Sands Lane LC (ABCL-X)

       Up train on Up line – Additional requirements associated with train lengths

       If it is necessary for a train with a length of more than 450 yards (420 metres) to pass over the crossing in the Up direction
       on the Up Bridlington line, the crossing must be under local control and the attendant advised in sufficient time before the
       train approaches the crossing.

       Reason for instruction:
       Signal SR124 at the west end of Hunmanby Station is designed not to clear to a proceed aspect until a train has come to a
       stand at it. The design of the crossing means there is a possibility that the barriers will raise and the lights extinguish
       before a train with a length of more than 450 yards (420 metres) has passed clear of the crossing. Therefore, when such
       trains are planned to run over this route, arrangements must be made in advance for the crossing to be placed under local
       control.
       Hunmanby Sands Lane LC is located at 41m 72 ch and is an ABCL crossing operated automatically by all approaching Up
       trains and Down trains in the Down direction. Trains are not normally required to stop, as described in the Rule Book
       Module TW8, Section 4 except as shown below:-
       Down trains on the Down line

       A plunger is provided on the north end of the Down platform, which is to be used to initiate the operation of the crossing,
       as follows:
       • when instructed to do so by the Signaller, or
       • when it is necessary to pass signal SR125 at Danger in accordance with the Rule Book Module S5 or
       • if within a Rule Book Module T3 possession, when authorised to pass signal SR125 at Danger by the PICOP, or
       • it is necessary to restart the operating sequence of the crossing in circumstances where it has “timed out” when a
         train is delayed in the platform.
       Pressing the plunger will fully initiate the operation of the crossing. A white light indicator is provided adjacent to the
       plunger, which illuminates to indicate operation of the plunger, but has no other function.
       Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.2

       Operation of any of the plungers at this crossing will fully initiate the operating sequence and, provided that the Drivers
       White Light is correctly displayed, it will not be necessary to treat the crossing as having failed.
       Down trains on the Up line

       The crossing will NOT work automatically for trains on the Up line in the wrong direction.
       A STOP board worded “Operate plunger, wait for white light and whistle before proceeding” together with a plunger is
       located 54 yards before reaching the Red/White light unit. Operation of the plunger with a train standing at the board will
       initiate the crossing sequence.
       General

       The Drivers Red/White light units are duplicated on both sides of the line in both directions, the unit on the left hand side of
       the line applies to trains running on the correct line and the unit on the right hand side of the line applies to trains running
       on the wrong line during single line working. When no train is approaching the crossing, all 4 lights flash red. When a
       train is approaching the crossing, the light on the line and in the direction for which the train is approaching will, when the
       operating sequence is successfully completed, flash white (the light on the opposite line from the same direction will
       continue to flash red).
       Emergency plungers (Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.2) are provided in locked cabinets (BR1 key) near the Drivers
       Red/White light unit at all four corners of the crossing; if it is necessary to make use of these, the one appropriate to the
       line /direction of travel of the train must be used (the others will be ineffective as the track circuit must be occupied).
       Telephones, communicating with Seamer Signal box, are provided on the road traffic signals on the off side of the road in
       each direction.
                                                           Dated: 11/02/17




       December 2006                 157
