London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
Pelaw To Park Lane Jn

Instructions to Train Crews and Other Staff Concerned Working on Network Rail Lines Adjacent to the
Tyne and Wear Metro Electrified Lines

The Tyne and Wear Metro System is electrified on a 1500 volt D.C. System but must be regarded as being similar to the
Network Rail 25KV AC System. The electricity is controlled by the Metro Control Centre at South Gosforth.
The A.C. Electrified lines Instructions, Rule Book Module AC Electrified Lines Section 3 must be complied with.
If an incident or accident affects the Metro lines, the provisions of Rule Book Module G1 section 6 or Module M1 must be
applied.
Contact can be made with either the Metro System Controller (who controls the signals) at South Gosforth; the signaller at
Tyneside IECC or by GSM-R emergency call to York Control.
Electrification telephones are provided at strategic electrical locations on the Metro. Cabinets are red with a silver
telephone symbol and are not locked. These telephones provide direct contact with the Metro Power Controller located in
the same office as the Metro System Controller. The telephone number is 0191 213 1003.
This instruction is replicated in LN670
                                                                                                        Dated: 27/12/18

LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
High Level Bridge

Due to weight restrictions the following restrictions apply over the High Level Bridge:
•   Movements of trains with one or more locomotive coupled (including one or more light locomotive coupled) must not
    be passed on the High Level Bridge by another train.
    The Operations Control of the Train Operating Company must inform Network Rail Operations Control of the identity
    of any train with one or more locomotive requiring to pass over the High Level Bridge.
    The Network Rail Operations Control must inform Tyneside IECC of any train with one or more locomotive coupled
    together requiring to pass over the High Level Bridge.


                                                                                                        Dated: 10/03/07

LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Instructions To Train Crews And Other Persons Concerned Working On Or Near To The Electrified
Overhead Lines.

The above routes are electrified and powered by a 1500 volt D.C. Overhead System.
The Standard Working Instructions for A.C. Electrified lines Rule Book Module G2, Section 8 must be observed and the
Overhead System must be treated as being 25kV at all times. The only exceptions to this are: -
    •    competent Metro staff
    •    relevant infrastructure maintenance staff
who have been trained in the specific requirements and instructions associated with the 1500 volt D.C. Overhead System.
The Electrical Control Room Operator is based in York Electrical Control Room and the contact telephone number is
01904 525622 (external) or 037 5622 (internal).
This instruction is replicated in LN627, LN629 and LN630

                                                                                                        Dated: 06/06/09




December 2006                                                94
