                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




       MULTIPLE UNIT TRAINS EQUIPPED WITH AUTOMATIC
       COUPLERS
       To assist staff in identifying automatic couplers which could be damaged by coupling the train to another train, T&RS staff
       will fix a yellow and black "Non - multi" sign to the offside windscreen of the cab concerned so that the sign will be directly
       opposite the driver of another train.
       During normal working, no attempt should be made to couple an automatic coupler so identified.
       In the event of a train equipped with automatic couplers becoming disabled and requiring assistance, the Driver of the
       disabled train must, when requesting assistance, specifically advise the Signaller whether or not a "Non multi-" sign is
       displayed in either of the end cabs of the train. Similarly, the driver of the assisting train, before proceeding towards the
       disabled train, must specifically advise the Signaller whether or not a "Non Multi-" sign is displayed in the cab at the end
       which would be coupled to the disabled train.
       If circumstances arise where assistance can only be provided in such a manner that one or other of the cabs to be
       coupled has a "Non Multi-" sign displayed, technical advice must be obtained. Under no circumstance should any attempt
       be made to couple the trains until this advice is received. Technical authority may be granted to couple the trains using
       the automatic couplers but subject to conditions which will be specified at the time. If such authority is not granted, it will
       be necessary to use an emergency coupling.
                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06




       NATIONAL EXPRESS EAST COAST
       MARK IV/373 STOCK - DOOR BARRIERS/ ATTENDANTS
       National Express East Coast has in place procedures for use when there is delay to a Mark IV train not at a designated
       platform and the train air conditioning is not available.
       When such a failure exists, in addition to the standard Rules, the Traincrew will work in accordance with National Express
       East Coast instructions, which requires the Driver to establish that there is no danger to the train from damaged overhead
       line equipment. After the safety of the train has been established, the Driver will liaise with the Signaller as to whether after
       the door barriers or door attendants are in position, two train doors can be opened to assist the flow of fresh air through
       the train.
       If the failure occurs on a two-track formation or on a multi track formation when the train is on the line adjacent to the cess.
       Provided the train is not standing at a place where it would be dangerous to open doors, e.g. on a viaduct, in a tunnel or
       where there is limited clearance, the barriers or attendants may be placed in position and two of the cess side doors
       opened. On no account must doors be opened on the six-foot side.
       If the failure occurs on a multi-track formation and the train is not on a line adjacent to the cess, the Traincrew must
       assess the situation and decide if sufficient clearance exists before advising the Signaller and requesting that all trains
       over the adjacent line to the side on which doors are to be opened are cautioned and Drivers advised of the
       circumstances. When the Traincrew and the Signaller have reached a complete understanding about what is to be done,
       the barriers/attendants may be placed in position and the two doors opened.
       If there is any doubt whether sufficient clearance exists the Traincrew must request that one adjacent line be blocked to
       traffic. Before the Signaller agrees to such a request, Network Rail Control must be consulted, Network Rail Control will
       liaise as necessary with National Express East Coast Control in order to agree priorities. When a strategy has been
       agreed, the appropriate line must be blocked to traffic and the traincrew advised. In these circumstances train movements
       over the blocked line must not resume until an assurance is received from the Traincrew that all doors have been closed.
       Where it is known in advance that the OHL power will be off for some time or a train on which the air conditioning has
       failed will be stopped for some time, every effort should be made to route that train onto an appropriate line with an
       adjacent cess.
                                     London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 26/04/2021




       February 2021                 37        (Supplement No. 49 – 27 February 2021)
