                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN882 - WAKEFIELD KIRKGATE WEST JN TO GOOLE POTTERS
       GRANGE JN
       PONTEFRACT MONKHILL

       When it is necessary because of engineering work or other degraded working or when requested by TRC in connection
       with perturbed working to terminate and start a train at Pontefract Monkhill in the Down Platform (this is permitted for trains
       proceeding in the Wakefield Kirkgate direction or the Castleford direction), the conductor must contact the signaller at
       Prince of Wales signalbox on 03 75137 (internal) or 01904 525137 (BT) to discuss turn-back arrangements.
       The conductor should advise the driver of the agreement reached with the signaller and should stand in such a position
       that P362 ground position light signal is clearly visible when carrying out train dispatch procedures. The conductor is also
       responsible for advising any passengers waiting on the up platform to cross to the Down platform via the footbridge.
       The signaller should (unless the movements are preplanned) advise Network Rail Control of the altered turn-back
       arrangements.
                                                         Dated: 29/01/2020

       LN882 - WAKEFIELD KIRKGATE WEST JN TO GOOLE POTTERS
       GRANGE JN
       Knottingley West Jn To England Lane LC (MCG)

       Single Line Working Between Knottingley Station And England Lane - Rule Book Module P1

       When Single Line Working is in operation over the Down Goole Line, it will not be necessary to appoint a Handsignaller for
       Up direction trains. Drivers of Up direction trains must be instructed by the Pilotman to obey signal FE6393 at Knottingley
       Station.
       Rule Book Module P1 Sections 3.5 a) and 6.2 a) are modified accordingly.
       Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the Pilotman.
       The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                           Dated: 06/12/14


       LN882 - WAKEFIELD KIRKGATE WEST JN TO GOOLE POTTERS
       GRANGE JN
       Working of trains to / from Crofton Depot sidings

       Movements to the Crofton Down Sidings Headshunt from either the Down Goole line or the Crofton Depot sidings are
       authorised by the signaller at Wakefield Kirkgate, when arrangements with the Crofton Crossing Keeper regarding either
       Crofton Old Station No 1, or No 2 Crossing have been agreed. The No 2 ‘spring-back’ points connecting the Headshunt
       from the Down Goole Line access track or the Crofton Depot sidings are designed to be ‘run-through’ in the trailing
       direction and the driver does not need to examine the points before proceeding over them. The points will still be required
       to be set using the adjacent lever for the intended facing route before authorised departure from the Crofton Down Sidings
       Headshunt.
                                                         Dated: 15/01/2022




       December 2006                 150
