                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




       LN922 - WHITEHALL WEST JN TO HELLIFIELD SOUTH JN
       SKIPTON

       Platform Lockouts

       Lockouts are provided which prevent trains being signalled into or out of the platforms shown:-
       Platform 1
                }
       Platform 2
                }   Entirely separate systems are
       Platform 3
                }   provided for each platform.
       Platform 4
                }
       The protected area does not extend beyond the ends of platforms.
       The lockouts must be used to protect staff who are to carry out work such as:-
           watering coaching stock at track level,
           fitters working on trains,
           clearing litter from the track,
           white lining platform edges.
       If a lockout has been used, it will not be necessary to appoint a COSS. Where work is to take place on train, or a train is
       standing in a platform whilst work is in progress, a NOT TO BE MOVED board must be securely fitted to the Drivers cab in
       such a position that is is clearly visible to the Driver of the train as well as being visible along the platform.

        Where work is to take place which will involve staff going onto the line in platform 2 or platform 3, both platform 2 and
                             platform 3 lockouts must be taken.

       The operation of the lockout is as follows:-
       The Signaller referred to below, is located in York ROC, on the Leeds North West Workstation.
       The person taking the lockout must telephone the Signaller, identify himself by name and employing organisation, say
       what is to be done and ask for the lockout to be given.
       When the Signaller is able to give the lockout, the light on the instrument will light; the button must then be pressed and
       the key turned and withdrawn. The Signaller must be advised when the key has been withdrawn.
       The key must be retained by the person removing it and not left in the instrument cupboard, as long as it is out of the
       instrument the platforms are protected from train movements by the signalling system.
       The same person must normally remain in charge of the key throughout the time it is out of the instrument; if this is not
       possible, he must, before transferring the key, telephone the Signaller, identify himself by name and employing
       organisation and tell the Signaller to whom the key is to be transferred; that person must then identify himself by name and
       employing organisation.
       When the work is complete, the person who has charge of the key must telephone the Signaller, identify himself by name
       and employing organisation, and give the Signaller an assurance that all staff and equipment are clear of the line.
       When instructed to do so, the key must be returned to the instrument and turn it to the lock position.
       The platforms are no longer protected.

                  ALWAYS ENSURE THAT YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT IS PROTECTED

                                                           Dated: 28/12/18




       December 2006                 163
