                                                            OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




LN872 - ALTOFTS JN TO LEEDS WEST JN
Stourton

Freightliner Terminal

1.   The Rail Operations Supervisor is responsible for all rail movements within the terminal.
2.   Arriving Trains
     2.1 Thirty minutes before a train is due to arrive, the Rail Operations Supervisor must ascertain its whereabouts from
         the Operations Centre and estimate the arrival time. Ten minutes before the estimated arrival time he must again
         consult the Operations Centre about the trains approach and confirm his estimate.
     2.2 After a train has entered the terminal and been stabled, the Driver must report to the Rail Operations Supervisor.
3.   Departing Trains
     3.1 Traincrews must report to the Rail Operations Supervisor immediately on arrival within the terminal.
     3.2 The Driver must advise the Rail Operations Supervisor when the train is ready to depart.
     3.3   Authority for departure will be given by the Rail Operations Supervisor.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06

LN872 - ALTOFTS JN TO LEEDS WEST JN
Stourton

Stourton Trading Estate

Line not normally in use. Trains may only run when authorised by the Route Director Network Rail London North Eastern.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06

LN872 - ALTOFTS JN TO LEEDS WEST JN
Holbeck Depot

When a movement onto the depot has come to a stand at the entrance “STOP Await Instructions” board, the Driver must
use the telephone provided to report to the Signaller when the movement is inside clear of the main line complete with tail
lamp. Between 21.00 and 07.00 you must then use the second telephone located at the entrance Stop Board to contact
the Designated Person to obtain instructions as to where the Train/OTM should be stabled. No movement will take
place until you have gained permission to proceed from the Designated Person.
Between the hours of 07.00 and 21.00.
     •     Between the hours of 07.00 and 21.00, the person in charge of train movements is any Driver or Competent
           Person operating on the Service Point. The Driver/ Competent Person may then proceed into the service point
           under his own authority after contacting the signaller to confirm their arrival. If a temporary STOP BOARD is
           present that prevents your intended movement. You must contact the DP responsible to arrange for removal of
           the STOP BOARD. NOTE – only the responsible DP is permitted to remove this protection.
     •     When proceeding to the sidings, you must always check for portable STOP BOARDS placed in the four-foot.
     •     The driver or competent person must set and check all facing and trailing hand points are correctly fitting for the
           intended movement. This check must be carried out from the ground.
Movements from the depot, including shunting movements, must not proceed beyond the exit “STOP and telephone”
board until the Signaller’s permission has been given.
                                                                                                             Dated: 16/08/08




December 2006                                                  147
