London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
Sunderland South Jn To Pelaw Metro Jn

Permissible Speed Signs

The Permissible Speed Signs for the above routes are in both miles per hour (mph) and kilometres per hour (kmh).
Signs displaying mph are of the standard type used on Network Rail controlled infrastructure. Signs showing the
equivalent speed in kmh are positioned directly beneath the mph signs and: -
    •    are made of retro reflective material, and are of the same colours and similar dimensions as mph signs.
    •    shaped as an elongated hexagon.
    •    bear an indication of the applicable speed in kilometres (rounded down to the nearest 5 kilometres per hour) with
         the letters ‘kmh’ displayed beneath the numeric value.
Note: - The miles per hour figure will not have “mph” displayed below it.
Both types of signs are provided at all points where a Permissible Speed change applies. However, kmh signs are not
provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to Metro services, and mph
signs are not provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to non Metro
services.
Kmh indications have not been provided at Automatic Level Crossing Wrong Direction Speed Restriction Boards, and
Metro Drivers must treat the speed indications as being in kmh.
This instruction is replicated in LN628

                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
VIA THE COAST
SUNDERLAND

Northern trains are booked to stop at platforms 1 or 4, and Metro trains are booked to stop at platforms 2 or 3.
Trains must be stopped in their booked platform unless the Driver is instructed to stop in a different platform by the
Signaller.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                93
