                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7




LN922 - WHITEHALL WEST JN TO HELLIFIELD SOUTH JN
KEIGHLEY

Keighley Station. 99 metres (108.2 yards) at the Leeds end of the Up platform is below standard height. Whenever
possible this part of the platform should not be used.
Steam locomotives in steam must not stand under the bridge at the North end of Keighley Station on either of the main
lines. The Driver of the train which is to change to steam traction at Keighley must stop the train with due regard to this.
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/12/18

LN922 - WHITEHALL WEST JN TO HELLIFIELD SOUTH JN
KEIGHLEY

Keighley And Worth Valley Railway

The KWVR is connected to Network Rail lines by means of the siding nearest the main line and a derailer, worked from a
ground frame, is provided at the boundary on this siding. The ground frame is released from York ROC Leeds North West
Workstation and also provided with a facility for the KWVR to fit a padlock to prevent through movements.
If the padlock is on (it will be whenever the KWVR passenger trains are using platform 3), it will be necessary to apply to
the KWVR person in charge for it to be removed before a movement can be made.
If the lock is off, and a through movement has previously been arranged with the KWVR, the release may be requested,
the ground frame operated to remove the derailer and the agreed movement made. As soon as the movement is
complete the ground frame must be operated to put the derailer back on the rail and the release given back to York ROC
Leeds North West Workstation.
Drivers should be aware that the KWVR locomotives or vehicles may be in platform 3 and must proceed cautiously.
Movements must not proceed beyond the platform unless specifically authorised by the KWVR person in charge.
Through passenger trains may only be run when specially authorised; publication of the timings in a Network Rail
publication will be the authority.
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/12/18




December 2006                                                 161
