                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




       LORAM C21 RAIL GRINDER
       General
       There are three rail grinding trains in the Loram C21 series, numbered C2101, C2102 and C2103.
       Rail grinding train C2101 has a route availability of RA7, rail grinding trains C2102 and C2103 have a route availability of
       RA6.
       All Loram Class C21 rail grinding trains are approved to travel on routes cleared to W6a gauge.
       All Loram Class C21 rail grinding trains can be relied upon to operate track circuits.
       Where axle counters are used as the primary means of train detection the Special Train Reminder procedure (where
       provided) is to be used when grinding operations are taking place on lines open for normal working.
       Route prohibitions or restrictions for LNE Route
       The Loram C21 rail grinding trains are not permitted to run on the Northern City Line from Finsbury Park (exclusive) to
       Moorgate (inclusive).
       The Loram C21 C2102 and C2103 rail grinding trains are not permitted to run on the Up and Down Moorgate lines
       between OLE structure FO2/66 (opposite Kentish Town track sectioning cabin) and Farringdon.
       Transit moves
       The maximum permitted speed of the rail grinding trains is 55 mph.
       Transit over 3rd or 4th rail DC electrified lines is permitted under the following conditions:
         •  The electrified rails are isolated in accordance with appropriate instructions, OR
         •  The ‘spark blankets’ are removed, OR
          • The ‘spark blankets’ are secured within the W6a load gauge.
       Grinding operations
       Notification must be given to TOCs and FOCs which operate on the routes where grinding is to take place so that drivers
       may be informed.
       Grinding operations are permitted to take place both within T3 possessions and on lines open for normal working.
       The speed when grinding is approximately 5 mph.
       Grinding operations are only permitted on jointed or continuously welded plain track; grinding operations on switches and
       crossings are specifically excluded.
       Rail grinding train C2101 is not permitted to grind within tunnels.
       Rail grinding trains C2102 and C2103 are permitted to grind within tunnels, subject to the necessary risk assessment b y
       the train operator.
       The train operator is responsible for ensuring that grinding equipment does not damage track-mounted equipment or level
       crossing decks.
       Grinding operations over 3rd or 4th rail DC electrified lines are permitted under the following conditions:
         •  The electrified rails are isolated in accordance with appropriate instructions, AND
          • The ‘spark blankets’ are fitted
       Loram Class C21 rail grinding trains may be authorised, in accordance with Rule Book Module TW7, Clause 1.1 to make a
       wrong-direction movement for the purpose of extinguishing a lineside fire only, should the Operator request it. A wrong-
       direction movement may only be authorised by the appropriate Signaller. Rail grinding trains are equipped with on-
       board damping water spray and fire fighting water cannon.
       All staff on or about the line are prohibited to be within 10m (approximately 10 yards) of the train whilst grinding
       operations are being carried out due to the danger of objects being emitted beyond the machine’s shields. The
       machine operator will look out for any staff on or about the line who may be within this distance and cease operations if
       this is the case. Similarly, any person on a station platform will cause grinding operations to cease.
       Grinding operations on lines open for normal working with Simplified Bi-directional Signalling (SIMBIDS) in
       operation on the opposite line
       If the rail grinding train is to operate on lines open for normal working with SIMBIDS in operation on the opposite line, the
       signal applying to the line on which the rail grinding train is operating and which protects the crossover at the end of the
       grinding site, and through which trains from the line being used for SIMBIDS are being returned to the proper line, must be
       fitted with an operational TPWS train stop (TSS)
                                                           Dated: 04/09/10




       February 2021                 35        (Supplement No. 49 – 27 February 2021)
