                                                           OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4



LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
Chaddesden Sidings
Working of Chaddesden Sidings
Person in Charge (PIC)
When there is Ground staff on duty they will assume the duties of a Person in Charge (PIC) and give their name and
contact details to the signaller. The signaller must obtain the permission of the PIC prior to authorising any movement
entering or leaving the yard.
ARRIVALS
Trains that can be driven from the leading end are permitted to enter Chaddesden sidings without a PIC being present
provided no other movement has been authorised to approach DY496 or DY494.
The Driver of any train arriving into the sidings when there is no PIC on duty, must advise the Signaller when the train is at
a stand.
DEPARTURES
Trains will not approach DY496 or DY494 unless the driver received the authority of the signaller or PIC if on duty. If a
movement has been signalled into the sidings then no train will be permitted to approach DY496 or DY494 until the
arriving train has come to a stand in the sidings.
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/10/16

LN3204 - TRENT SOUTH JUNCTION TO NOTTINGHAM EAST JUNCTION
BEESTON SOUTH JN
Movements to run round siding 1.
The clearance of the position light aspect of signal TN4917 or TN4919 to this siding requires that the spring hand points
(at the entrance to the siding) are correctly set and detected. The driver does not need to examine the points before
proceeding over them. If the detection fails the signaller must authorise the driver to pass the signal at danger and make
sure that the spring points are set in the correct position to run round siding 1.
Run round sidings 1 and 2.
These sidings must normally be left clear and only used for running round or reversing a train. If in emergency it is
necessary to detach a vehicle and leave it in the siding the signaller at Nottingham workstation must be advised and
arrangements made for it to be removed as soon as possible.
NOTTINGHAM WEST JN
Shunt movements reversing at signal TN4969.
The driver must be able to walk through a train which reverses at this signal. If this is not possible the person arranging the
movement must advise the signaller and the movement will then be signalled to reverse at signal TN4961 (A Line) or
TN4967 (D line)
NOTTINGHAM STATION
Trains arriving in platforms 1, 3, 6 and 7.
Drivers of short trains (five coaches or less) into platform 1, 3, 6 or 7 that have received a main aspect signal to enter an
unoccupied platform, must stop the train at the furtherst B marker board within section B of the platform unless otherwise
indicated by station staff.
Driver Relief of freight trains and light locomotives.
On arrival at Nottingham station a driver who is to relieve a freight train or light locomotive must advise the Nottingham
workstation signaller at EMCC (01332-442399) and check which platform starting signal the train will arrive at for relief.
If a west bound train arrives at Nottingham before the relief driver, the train driver may be instructed by the signaller to
proceed to Beeston South Jn. to await relief at Beeston station up platform.
Platform 2
A four car DMU must not be uncoupled in Platform 2 unless signal NN4002 has been cleared. When the uncoupling has
been completed and the DMU is on the approach side of the signal the signaller must be advised unless the train is to
immediately depart.




December 2006                                                  171
