                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6



LN804 - TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
Ferrybridge Power Station

Incoming “Open Level Crossing”
The provisions of Rule Book Module TW8, Section 6 headed “Open Crossings (Non Automatic)” apply at this crossing.
If it becomes necessary for a set back movement to be made over the crossing, a competent person will be stationed at
the crossing and no movement over the crossing must be made without their authority.
Edison Mission Level Crossing
The provisions of Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4.2 headed “ Instructions the Driver must carry out at an ABCL or
AOCL crossing at which trains are not required to stop”, apply as far as practicable at this crossing.
Power Station Siding.
The Stop Board worded “Press Plunger Obtain White Light Whistle Before Proceeding”, positioned adjacent to the Power
Station Ground Frame, controlling movements towards the Power Station Level Crossing, may be passed without the
authority of the signaller at Ferrybridge, provided the movement is entering the Shunt Spur and the Power Station Ground
Frame release and its points are in the normal position.
                                                                                                           Dated: 29/11/08

LN804 - TAPTON JN TO GASCOIGNE WOOD (VIA SHEFFIELD)
Ferrybridge Power Station Jn. To Milford Jn

Single Line Working. Rule Book Module P1

When Single Line Working is in operation over the Down Pontefract Line, it will not be necessary to appoint a
Handsignaller for Up direction trains. Drivers of Up direction trains must be instructed by the Pilotman to obey signal
FE6616.
Rule Book Module P1 Sections 3.5 a) and 6.2 a) are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the Pilotman.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/12/14




December 2006                                                 42
