                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3



LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
NEWCASTLE

Drivers of UP HST's booked to call at platform 7 and 8 must bring their trains to a stand at signal 486.
No train, except one composed of a 2 car Class 142 or 143 unit or a single Class 153 car, may arrive in Platform 8 for
passenger purposes from the West End. If the Driver of any other type of unit is routed towards Platform 8 to call at that
platform for passenger purposes he must stop at T481/483/487 signal as appropriate and advise the Signaller that his
train is too long to fit in the platform.
The Guard of any train the doors of which are not completely on the Platform must not release the doors until
arrangements have been made to have the train completely platformed.
Train crew requiring access to/from the Provincial Sidings at Newcastle Station

Train crew requiring access to/from the Provincial Sidings at Newcastle station must adopt the following procedure:
Access to Provincial Sidings
Access from platform 8 to the provincial sidings will require the Signaller (at Tyneside IECC Newcastle Workstation) to be
contacted from T486 signal and a request made for train movements to be stopped on the Provincial Sidings, the
Up/Down Slow line and Platform No 8 line. The Signaller must comply with Rule Book Module TS1 Regulation 13 and
when in a position to do so he/she will advise the caller that train movements have been stopped and that it is safe to
cross.
After the caller has crossed all lines he/she must contact the Signaller from the telephone positioned at the buffer stops
and confirm that he/she is now clear and that normal running of trains may resume.
Access from Provincial Sidings
Access from the provincial sidings to platform 8 will require the Signaller to be contacted from the telephone positioned at
the buffer stops and a request made for movements to be stopped on the provincial sidings, the up/down slow line and
platform No 8 line. The signaller will comply with Rule Book Module TS1 Regulation 13 and when in a position to do so
he/she will advise the caller that train movements have been stopped and that it is safe to cross.
After the caller has crossed all lines he/she must ring the Signaller from T486 signal and confirm that he/she is now clear
and that normal running of trains may resume.
                                                                                                           Dated: 01/12/07




December 2006                                                 43
