                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3



3.6 Movements on the Depot
No movement may exceed the following speeds:-
a)   5mph
b)   3mph through the washing plant
The shunter in charge of any movement on the Depot must ensure that the train or vehicles are safe to move. The Driver
must not pass any "STOP AWAIT INSTRUCTIONS" board without the authority of the Designated Shunter responsible for
protection.
3.7 Turning of Vehicles on the Turntable
Turning of vehicles on the turntable shall be performed by no less than two shunters. The yard chargeman or Team
Leader Production also must be present when possible. Extreme care must be taken due to close proximity of overhead
line stanchions.
3.8 Secondary Departure Roads No's 5 and 6
Due to the curvature in No's. 5 and 6 secondary departure sidings Class 158, MK.3 and MK.4 coaches must not be placed
in these roads.
3.9 Stabling of MK.3 and MK.4 vehicles and Power Cars
HST power cars, MK.3 and MK.4 vehicles may only be stabled provided that a gap of at least 5 yards (5 metres) is left
between the buffer stops and/or adjacent vehicles.
4. Emergency Depot Protection
If the Depot Protection System fails and Emergency Depot Protection is initiated, all Drivers must be informed personally
by the Team Leader Production, that the Emergency Depot Protection Arrangements are in use and they will receive
instructions from the shunter. Extra care and vigilance must be exercised by all concerned.
5. Local Isolations and Blocking of Roads on the Depot to Electric Traction During a Local Isolation
The production co-ordinator will personally inform all Driver's when any roads are isolated/blocked to electric traction and,
similarly, will inform all Driver's when any such restrictions are lifted.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
MORPETH

Trains calling at Morpeth which cannot be fully platformed when bi-directional working is in operation

Should a Down train be stopped at Signal 113 or an Up train at Signal 128/126 and the Signaller advises the Driver the
train is to be routed through the facing crossover and proceed from Morpeth on the opposite line under bi-directional
working, resulting in the train not being completely platformed, the Driver must immediately advise the Guard who must
make an appropriate announcement to passengers.
If the train consists of Mark 4 stock, the Guard must only permit passengers to alight and join at one locally-controlled
door. If a Down train consists of HST stock, the Guard must announce that passengers to alight must only do so from the
coaches they nominate.
Drivers of Up trains routed through the facing crossover must bring their trains to a stand with the leading end at the
special marker board located beyond the platform end.
An ‘S’ car marker board is provided on the down platform for all Northern Trains terminating at Morpeth; terminating
services should not pass this board until station duties have been completed and the correct signal to ‘draw forward’ has
been received from the train conductor.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                 45
