London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6



LN809 - SHEPCOTE LANE WEST JN TO TINSLEY YARD EAST END
Tinsley Avesta LC (TMO) (B)
The crossing operates so far as a train Driver is concerned as shown in the Rule Book module TW8 sections 4.1 and 4.2
and not section 9.
Operation of the crossing is by means of control wires which are at cab height on the left hand side of the line on the
approach to the crossing from either direction. The Driver must pull the control wire to initiate the lowering sequence of the
barriers. Releasing the wire and pulling it a second time will stop the lowering sequence and pulling it a third time will
restart the lowering sequence. After the train has passed completely over the crossing, the barriers will rise automatically.
If the street lighting is working correctly, it will not be necessary to apply the provisions of the Rule Book Module TW8,
Section 4.5 in the event of a failure of the crossing during darkness.
If it is necessary to make a propelled movement towards the crossing at the Tinsley end, the Shunter controlling the
movement must ensure that the movement does not pass the STOP board. Shunting over the crossing is prohibited.
                                                                                                           Dated: 07/06/08



LN809 - SHEPCOTE LANE WEST JN TO TINSLEY YARD EAST END
Tinsley Yard
All movements between Tinsley Yard and SMACC and vice versa will be equipped with an audible tail lamp. This
combines the function of a conventional battery electric trail lamp and the emission of a warning tone. When the
movement is being propelled it will not be preceded by a Shunter.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




LN809 - SHEPCOTE LANE WEST JN TO TINSLEY YARD EAST END
Tinsley Yard
Set back movements- East departure to Main Yard
This movement is authorised for a movement not exceeding 35 slu’s
All movements between Tinsley Yard and S.P.A.C.E and vice versa will be equipped with an audible tail lamp. This
combines the function of a conventional battery electric tail lamp and the emission of a warning tone. When the movement
is being propelled it must not be preceded by a shunter.
All movements will be operated over the east departure line by DBS ground staff.
124 points will be operated by hand moving them into the correct position and secured for facing movements.
Please note that all signalling equipment has been disconnected and out of use
                                                                                                           Dated: 15/07/11



LN809 - SHEPCOTE LANE WEST JN TO TINSLEY YARD EAST END
Working of trains into Tinsley Yard

The Woodburn Junction Signaller must contact the Tinsley Yard Shunter to obtain permission for a train to proceed
towards Tinsley Avesta TMO Level crossing stop board, before setting the route from W205 signal to W226 signal. W226
signal position prevents a freight train from stopping at the signal due to a steep rising gradient on approach; therefore an
aspect control has been applied to W205 to prevent the route up to W226 signal from clearing unless W226 signal is off.
Confirmation from the shunter or driver that the movement in is clear at Tinsley Yard complete with tail lamp is not
required.
The Woodburn Junction Signaller must contact the Tinsley Yard Shunter to obtain permission for a train to proceed
towards Tinsley Avesta TMO Level crossing stop board, before setting the route from W212 signal to W228 signal.
Confirmation from the shunter or driver that the movement in is clear at Tinsley Yard complete with tail lamp is not
required.
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/05/17




December 2006                                                 45
