                                                             OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




SIGNAL REMINDER BOARD
The following sign consists of a black exclamation mark on a white background within a red triangle and may be provided
on the approach to signals at certain locations. The supplementary information sign consists of black letters on a white
background. The purpose of the sign is to remind Drivers of the presence of a signal ahead in an effort to reduce the
incidence of signals being passed at Danger at the location concerned.




The locations of these boards will be published in Section ‘C’ of the Weekly Operating Notice as and when they are
erected.
                                                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06


SPEED RESTRICTIONS TO/FROM SIDINGS AND YARDS
Unless indicated otherwise by speed signs, the Permissible Speed over the connections to sidings and yards is as
follows:-
     •   15mph for North East and Great Northern areas covered by Sections LN2, LN3, LN5, LN6, LN7 and LN8
     •   5mph for East Midlands area covered by Section LN4 only
                                                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06


STONETHROWING
On receipt of a report from a Driver of stonethrowing or use of air rifles the Signaller must, in addition to advising Network
Rail Route Control and the BT Police:
1.   Advise the Driver of the first train requiring to proceed through the area concerned, on any line, of the circumstances
     and request him to report back once the train has passed through the area whether stonethrowing / shooting occurred
     or not. The train must not be cautioned.
2.   Where another Signaller is involved, he must be advised of the circumstances and requested to advise Drivers in
     accordance with this procedure, or to pass on any message received from the Driver of a train which has passed
     through the affected area.
3.   Where the following train requires to pass through the area on the same line, or a second train requires to pass in the
     opposite direction, before a report is received from the Driver of the first train, the foregoing arrangements must again
     be observed.
4.   If the Driver of the first train dealt with as above also reports that his train was stoned / shot at, the Drivers of
     subsequent trains must be advised in accordance with paragraph 1.
5.   If no further report is received about stonethrowing / shooting from the Driver of a train(s) dealt with above, Network
     Rail Route Control must be advised and normal working resumed.
                                                                      London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                    52
