                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




       LN742 - KILLINGHOLME TO BROCKLESBY JN
       Killingholme (End of line) To Immingham West Jn

       Working Of Shell Mex Open Level Crossing At 2 M. 34 Ch. And Yorkshire Tar Train Crew Operated
       Gates Level Crossing At 2m 44 Ch. By Trains For The Admiralty Sidings.

       Light locomotive or trains comprised of one vehicle only may, after stopping and sounding the warning horn at Shell Mex
       Open level crossing, proceed to the Admiralty Sidings. Any other train must be worked in accordance with the following
       instructions:-
       Arriving Trains for Admiralty Sidings

       Trains must stop at the “STOP AWAIT INSTRUCTIONS WHISTLE BEFORE PROCEEDING” board positioned 25 metres
       before reaching Shell Mex Open level crossing at 2 m. 34 ch. The Trainman must then go forward to Yorkshire Tar level
       crossing and close the gates to road traffic. When the gates are secured for the rail movement, the Trainman must call the
       Driver forward. After sounding the warning horn, the Driver may proceed over both crossings towards the end of the
       branch to a point where the rear of the train has passed clear of Yorkshire Tar level crossing.
       The crossing gates must be opened for road traffic and the Trainman must proceed to the Admiralty Sidings Ground
       Frame and set the route for the arriving train. The Trainman must then return to the Yorkshire Tar level crossing and close
       the crossing to road traffic. The Trainman must then instruct and control the set back movement towards the Admiralty
       Sidings until the train is clear of Yorkshire Tar level crossing. The crossing gates must then be opened to road traffic. The
       train may then be controlled into the Admiralty Sidings.
       Trains Departing from Admiralty Sidings

       Departing trains must be propelled towards and stopped at the “STOP AWAIT INSTRUCTIONS” board positioned 25
       metres before reaching the Admiralty Sidings Ground Frame. The Trainman must then walk forward and close Yorkshire
       Tar level crossing to road traffic. When this has been done, the train may be called forward to the “PROPELLED TRAIN
       LOCOMOTIVE TO STOP HERE” board clear of the crossing. The Trainman must then reopen the crossing gates to road
       traffic and then close and lock the Admiralty Sidings Ground Frame. The gates of Yorkshire Tar level crossing must then
       be closed to road traffic and the Driver instructed to proceed over both the Yorkshire Tar and Shell Mex level crossings
       and stop with the rear of the train clear on the Immingham side of Shell Mex Open level crossing. The Trainman must then
       open Yorkshire Tar level crossing to road traffic and then rejoin the train.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 74
