London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




LN742 - KILLINGHOLME TO BROCKLESBY JN
Immingham West Jn To Killingholme (End of line)

These instructions are withdrawn for the period as this line is temporarily re-classified as Siding
Infrastructure; 0001 on 10 April 2017 to 2359 on 31 October 2017

The Driver of each train traveling to the Killingholme Branch must stop at the STOP board lettered “Telephone Signaller
for Instructions Commencement of Staff Section”, and contact the Signaller via the Signal Post Telephone on IW253
and obtain permission to remove the Train Staff. The train must not proceed until the Train Staff has been obtained and
permission to pass the Stop board lettered “Telephone Signaller for Instructions Commencement of Staff Section”
has been given by the Signaller. The Driver or shunter must also inform the Signaller when the train has passed clear of
the connection from the Double line to the Single line complete with tail lamp.
When a train is to travel to Admiralty Sidings and will be locked inside the sidings it is authorised for the token to be
returned to Immingham West end of the single line to facilitate engineering work on the Killingholme line or to allow
another train to proceed onto the branch. The following procedure must be followed when this is to be done:
 1.   When the Driver of the train travelling to Admiralty Siding has passed clear of the Killingholme Single line and the
      Ground Frame has once again been returned to the Normal Position locking the train inside, the Driver must contact
      the Signaller at Immingham West and inform him/her this has been done.
 2.   The Signaller at Immingham West may authorise the Nominated Person to travel to Admiralty Sidings, take
      possession of the Train Staff and return it to the secure cabinet at the Immingham West end of the line.
When it is necessary to return the Train Staff to the Admiralty Sidings to allow the train to return to Immingham West, the
Signaller at Immingham West must authorise the Nominated Person to:
 1.   Remove the Train Staff from the secure cabinet.
 2.   Return it to the Driver of the train locked in at Admiralty Sidings and instruct him/her to contact the Signaller at
      Immingham West, confirm they are in possession of the staff and obtain permission to return.
The Driver of each train leaving the Killingholme Branch must stop at signal IW253, replace the Train Staff in the secure
cabinet, lock the cabinet and contact the Signaller via the Signal Post Telephone on IW253, and inform the Signaller the
Train Staff has been replaced. The Driver must then obey signal IW253.
                                                                                                              Dated: 10/04/17




December 2006                                                   75
