London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7



LN860 - DIGGLE JN. TO COPLEY HILL EAST JN.
Standedge Tunnel
No vehicle with a diameter of less than 14 inches (350mm), vehicle on a wheelskate or road/rail vehicle may be placed on
or run over the Down or Up line through Standedge Tunnel without the Signaller’s authority. This instruction must also be
applied when the line is under Possession.
Emergency telephones connected to Huddersfield Workstation are installed at four points in the former Down Slow tunnel,
the single bore immediately adjacent (Up side) to the double line running tunnel. The telephones are attached to S&T
location cabinets and are not illuminated.
Access to the single bore tunnel can be obtained through cross passages and only the cross passages indicated below
may be used. These have a reflective sign showing a white telephone on a blue background. In addition, there are
numbered tablets along the wall of the running tunnel to assist in identifying where you are.
Other cross passages may not be safe to use and must not be used, some have vertical holes leading down into the canal
tunnel, which is at a lower level.
The locations of the telephones are as follows:
     Phone number                    Mileage                    Nearest tablet number
                                                                to safe cross passage

      (Marsden end)
            1                       17m 58ch                              270
            2                       17m 32ch                              237
            3                       16m 69ch                              181
            4                       15m 75ch                               81
       (Diggle end)




                                                                                                           Dated: 20/01/18


LN860 - DIGGLE JN. TO COPLEY HILL EAST JN.
Standedge Tunnel Down Huddersfield

Rule Book Module S7, Section 5 & 6: Automatic Brake Activation
Restarting (at caution) trains on the Down Huddersfield in Standedge tunnel should there be an automatic brake
application by AWS /TPWS OSS for the 45 PSR:-
Following conformation by the Driver that they have had an automatic brake application by AWS /TPWS OSS for the 45
PSR the driver must ensure the train comes to a stand. If the Driver can then establish that the train is in a fit state to
proceed, the train may be restarted and proceed at caution (max 20mph) until the tunnel exit and only as far as HU701,
the driver must stop the train at HU701 even if the signal is displaying a proceed aspect. The Driver then contacts the
Signaller at the YROC Huddersfield WS via GSMR, or alight to use the signal post telephone (if GSMR is defective) to
inform the Signaller of the activation and follow the Rule book module instructions regarding further movement.
                                                                                                        Dated: 20/01/2018




December 2006                                                143
