London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN702 - BEDLINGTON NORTH TO LYNEMOUTH ALCAN
Lynemouth Alcan To Marchey s House SB

SAFETY OF PERSONNEL
Module TS1 13.2.7 & Hand Book 8, Clause 2.6 and Handbook 21, Clause 2.6
When protection arrangements are to be applied on the Up line between Lynemouth Alcan and this signal box the
detonator protection must be placed 1¼ miles in the rear of the work and additionally, no train must be accepted from
Lynemouth until the protection arrangements has been given up.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/12/14

LN702 - BEDLINGTON NORTH TO LYNEMOUTH ALCAN
Green Lane LC (AHBC)

Green Lane Automatic Half - Barrier Level Crossing.

Because of the risk of road traffic backing up onto this crossing, there is a 10 mph permissible speed restriction on both
rail approaches to this level crossing.
Drivers must approach this level crossing cautiously, prepared to stop short and check that the crossing is clear,
proceeding at no more than 10 mph until the locomotive reaches the crossing, when the driver may accelerate up to the
next permissible speed.
                                                                                                           Dated: 14/02/10

LN706 - WEST SLEEKBURN JN TO NORTH BLYTH
Freemans To North Blyth

Rule Book Module TS8, Section 3.1 - One train working regulations; Method of signalling where a train staff is
provided
Rule Book Module SS2 - Shunting
Instructions to Drivers
Down trains must be brought to a stand at the staff exchange point at Freemans for the signaller to deliver the train staff,
which is an Annett’s key.
Trains for Battleship Wharf must stop at the instruction board on approach to the ground frame points & the staff must be
handed to the Person in charge (PIC) who would normally be the Shunter. Further movements towards the sidings must
be only be made on the authority of the PIC.
Trains for North Blyth must stop at the instruction board on approach to the ground frame at the end of the one train
working section and the staff must be handed to the PIC. Further movements must only be made on the authority of the
PIC.
Trains must not pass the respective “Commencement of staff section” boards unless they have been shown the key token
& the PIC has made the necessary arrangements.
Up trains must stop at the instruction board on the approach to Cambois TMO crossing & not proceed until the crossing
has been operated & the staff has been obtained from the PIC.
The staff must be delivered to the Signaller at the staff exchange point at Freemans, Up trains are permitted to proceed at
a speed not exceeding 10mph.
Instructions to Person in Charge (PIC) [who would normally be the Shunter]
You must advise the signaller at Freemans giving your name, company & telephone number & reach a clear
understanding regarding the order of train movements over the single line.
Trains destined for Battleship Wharf will come to a stand at the instruction board at the ground frame points. You must
obtain the staff from the driver to release the ground frame. When the route is set & the level crossing has been operated
you may authorise the movement to enter the sidings in accordance with Rule Book Module SS2.
Trains destined for North Blyth will come to a stand at the ”End of Staff Section” board. You must obtain the staff from the
driver to operate the ground frame. When the route is set you may authorise the movement to enter the sidings in
accordance with Rule Book Module SS2.




December 2006                                                120
