London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN5




LN742 - KILLINGHOLME TO BROCKLESBY JN
Immingham West Jn

Simon Storage West And Mineral Quay Level Crossings

 1.   An Attendant will be appointed to operate the crossing.
 2.   The normal position of the barriers at each crossing situated over the Western Jetty Arrival and Departure lines and
      the Mineral Quay Sidings single line connection is in the raised position.
 3.   Arriving Trains
      3.1 When a train is required to proceed to the Western Jetty or Mineral Quay Sidings, the Attendant must press the
          crossing barrier “DOWN” button. When the barriers are lowered and the crossing is clear of road and rail
          vehicles on all lines, the Attendant must authorize the Driver to proceed over the crossing.
      3.2 When the train with tail lamp attached has passed clear of the crossing, and the crossing is again clear of rail
          vehicles on all lines, the Attendant must press the crossing barrier “UP” button.
 4.   Departing Trains
      4.1 When a train from either the Western Jetty or Mineral Quay Sidings is at a stand at the appropriate signal, the
          Signaller has been advised the train is ready to depart and the Signaller has indicated that he is able to allow the
          train to depart, the Attendant must press the crossing barrier “DOWN” button. When the barriers are lowered and
          the crossing is clear of road and rail vehicles on all lines the “CROSSING CLEAR” button must be pressed. This
          will illuminate a slot off the indication in the signal box and the Signaller will clear the signal for the train to depart.
      4.2 When the train with tail lamp attached has passed clear of the crossing, and the crossing is again clear of rail
          vehicles on all lines, the Attendant must press the crossing barrier “UP” button.
 5.   Stopping Level Crossing Barriers in an Emergency
      5.1 Should it be necessary to interrupt the lowering of the crossing barriers, the Attendant must press the crossing
          barrier “STOP” button, which will hold the barriers in the position they have reached. The sequence may then be
          resumed by pressing the crossing barrier “DOWN” button to complete closure of the crossing or by pressing the
          crossing barrier “UP” button to return the barriers to the raised position.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 03/12/11

LN750 - WOODBURN JN TO DEEPCAR
Deepcar Exchange Sidings

Over Deepcar Viaduct there is a 5 mph speed restriction for all locomotives.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 02/12/06

LN752 - WRAWBY JN. TO MARSHGATE JN.
HATFIELD AND STAINFORTH

Hatfield Colliery Bunker Loading Sidings. Shutting in facilities apply in respect of trains arriving for Bunker loading
only.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                     76
