London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN7



LN912 - THORNE JN TO GILBERDYKE JN
Goole Bridge

Down Direction Trains approaching Goole Bridge

If a train is or will be detained in the Down platform at Goole Station and unable to complete station duties within the
normal timescale or if a train is otherwise detained between signal G53 and GB1 signal, the Driver must telephone Goole
Bridge signal box (03-62848) immediately and advise the Signaller of the circumstances. This will enable the Signaller to
make the most appropriate arrangements with regard to opening the bridge to shipping.
Trains unable to start when signal GB2 or GB3 is cleared

If a train is stopped at signal GB2 or GB3 at Danger and is unable to restart when a proceed aspect is displayed, the
Driver must telephone the Signaller immediately and advise him of the circumstances.
Access to the Bridge

Persons requiring to walk from the Hook Road Access point to the West end of the bridge, or to visit the bridge, or to walk
across the bridge, must telephone the Signaller to request traffic movements over the Down line to be stopped.
The person requesting protection must give his/her name and employer and indicate his/their destination.
The Signaller must be advised when the person(s) have arrived at their destination.
This procedure also applies when leaving the bridge etc.
Telephones are provided at the East and West ends of the bridge, on the centre jetty and at the Hook Road
Access point.
Staff working on the bridge under the supervision of a COSS

Whenever staff are to work on the bridge without an Absolute Possession, and they require the passage of trains to be
stopped for their personal safety, the arrangements outlined in Rule Book Module T2 – Protection Procedure T2X
(emergency only) must be applied with the following amendments:-
         (i)     The arrangements may be used for planned work and maintenance items, in addition to emergencies when
                 the Signaller has called the staff out.
         (ii)    The COSS must always attend at the signal box.
         (iii)   The Signaller must additionally comply with the Goole Bridge Signal box Special Instructions.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN914 - HULL (PARAGON) TO SEAMER WEST JN
Walton Street Jn To Seamer West Jn

Due to the condition of the track, locomotive hauled trains and light locomotives are not permitted to run between Walton
Street Junction (Exclusive) and Seamer West Junction. Engineering trains will be permitted subject to authorisation of the
Territory Track Engineer.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN914 - HULL (PARAGON) TO SEAMER WEST JN
DRIFFIELD

Up trains terminating at and Down trains departing from, Up platform:
During a blockage of the line between Beverley and Driffield for planned engineering work or in an emergency, Up
passenger trains will terminate and Down passenger trains will start at Driffield Station Up platform.
Authority for the Drivers of Down trains to depart from the Up platform will be the clearance of ground position light signal
53.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                 154
