                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN3




LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
Northallerton TSC To Darlington TSC

Railway Undertaking (TOC specific) Instructions regarding Power supply restrictions, Northallerton TSC and
Darlington TSC
Details of the existing power restrictions are detailed in a separate Sectional Appendix Local Instruction.
TransPennine Express (TPE) only have the following instructions applicable to the Hutton Bonville OHL feeder
stations between the following locations: -
Dalton TSC OHNS (19m 09ch) to Aycliffe TSC OHNS (49m 60ch)
Down Direction (TPE - Sundays only)
All TPE services arriving at York from the Leeds direction must remain in diesel mode up to and beyond the restricted
zone. Transition from Diesel to Electric should be made statically at the next station stop beyond the restricted zone, at
either Durham or Newcastle.
Up Direction (TPE - Sundays only)
All TPE services must transition to diesel mode statically at the designated station (Durham) before reaching the restricted
zone, continuing through to Manchester in Diesel mode.
                                                                                                               Dated: 16/01/21


LN600 - SHAFTHOLME JN. TO RESTON GSP
Edinburgh Waverley Station To Chathill TSC

Railway Undertaking (TOC specific) Instructions regarding Power supply restrictions.
Edinburgh Waverley Station – Longniddry TSC – Reston TSC – Chathill TSC.
[Copy repeated in SC147 BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)]
Details of the 3 existing power restrictions are detailed in separate Sectional Appendix Local Instructions.
London North Eastern Railway (LNER) & TransPennine Express (TPE) only have the following instructions
applicable to the Portobello, Innerwick, & Marshall Meadows OHL feeder stations between the following locations:
-
Chathill TSC (45m 56ch) and Edinburgh Waverley Station 0m 00ch.
Down Direction (LNER - Sundays only)
Where identified planned trains services will be designated to transition to DIESEL mode dynamically at the APCo site
(see Sectional Appendix General Instruction for APCo) on the approach to Chathill (see Table A for details) and these
designated trains should continue to Edinburgh in Diesel mode.
Down Direction (TPE - All days)
All services must transition to diesel mode statically at the designated station (Morpeth) before approaching the restricted
zone, continuing to Edinburgh Waverley station in Diesel mode.
Up Direction (LNER - Sundays only)
Where identified planned trains services will be designated to depart Edinburgh Waverley station in DIESEL mode and
remain so throughout the restricted zone. Pantographs must not be raised until the MPCo site at Alnmouth 37m 31ch
where ELECTRIC mode should be selected (see Sectional Appendix General Instruction for MPCo).
Up Direction TPE (All days)
All services to commence in diesel mode from Edinburgh Waverley station and remain in Diesel through the restricted
zone. Pantographs must not be raised until the MPCo site at Alnmouth 37m 31ch where ELECTRIC mode should be
selected (see Sectional Appendix General Instruction for MPCo).
                                                                                                              Dated: 16/01/21




December 2006                                                 49
