                                                         OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN2




LN101 - KINGS CROSS TO SHAFTHOLME JN
Ferme Park Sidings To Wood Green South Jn

Down carriage line between ferme park reception sidings and wood green : train servicing
1.   Wrong direction movements must not be made along the Down Carriage line from Wood Green to Ferme Park
     Reception Sidings without the authority of the person in charge at Ferme Park Reception Sidings.
2.   Before a train departs along the Carriage line from Ferme Park Reception Sidings, traincrew must ensure all windows
     and doors are fully closed. Inwards opening doors must be locked.
3.   Should the “WAIT/PROCEED” indicator fail to display an indication, the train must not proceed until authorised by the
     person in charge.
4.   Automatic Washing Plant
     Drivers of all trains except EMU's must stop and press the plunger provided, before proceeding to the washing plant.
5.   When trains are worked through the washing plant, speed must not exceed 3 m.p.h. until the last vehicle is clear of
     the equipment.
6.   Toilet Discharge Plant
     When train toilet retention tanks are to be discharged, only one other vehicle may be formed between the locomotive
     and the leading vehicle for discharge.
7.   When receiving a train for discharge, the person in charge must, after authorising it to approach the discharge area,
     hand signal the train into position as required.
8.   No train must be moved without the authority of the person in charge.
9.   The protection arrangements as shown in the Rule Book Module T10 do not apply to staff operating the extraction
     pump, but should a failure occur preventing protection by the interlocking provided, protection by red lamp/flag as
     prescribed must be provided.
10. Before discharge operations commence, the person in charge must ensure the appropriate hoses are properly
    connected.
11. When discharge operations are completed, the person in charge must ensure all hoses, after disconnection, are
    stowed clear of the line and then sound the staff warning siren in readiness for the train to depart.
12. Toilet Flushing Apron
    When a train is being serviced over the flushing apron, the person in charge must, after authorising the train to
    approach, hand signal it into the position required.
13. Departures
    The person in charge must, when a train is ready to depart from the Carriage line, advise the Signaller of the train
    details.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                115
