                                                           OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN4




LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
Elstow Sidings

Arrivals

Setting back movements from Up Slow Line. When signal WH.597 is cleared for a movement to set back from the Up
Slow Line to the sidings, the ‘OFF’ indicator in the Shunter's plunger cabinet will be illuminated. Provided the line is clear
for the movement to be made, the Shunter must then depress the ‘OFF’ plunger to illuminate the white light set back
signals which will be the Driver's authority to make the setback movement without receiving a handsignal from the
Shunter. The Driver must remain at the Luton end of the locomotive during the set back movement.
This movement may also be controlled by radio
The Shunter must immediately extinguish the white lights by means of the 'Stop' plunger in case of emergency if
movement is not controlled by radio
Departures
Propelling is authorised from WH 486 to up slow line in order to reach position light WH 597 for onward move in down
direction.
The connections to the private siding and up slow to down slow cross over are not electrified.
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/03/22

LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
BEDFORD To ST. PANCRAS

AC EMUs 12 Car Formations. Because of the possible effect on the Overhead Line Equipment, all AC EMUs
running in 12 car formations will be subject to a maximum speed restriction of 75mph until further notice.
This restriction will not apply if ALL the EMUs in the 12 car formation are fitted with Brecknell Willis MK2 High
Speed Pantograph (or similar).
                                                                                                  Dated: 18/04/15

LN3201 - ST. PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN (VIA DERBY)
WELLINGBOROUGH

Neilson Sidings
Neilson Sidings are comprise of 6 sidings, numbered 1 to 6. To enable a locomotive to run round a train within the
yard, Siding No.1 (70 SLU) and Siding No.2 (64 SLU) are designated as run round lines and vehicles must not be stabled
thereon.
                                                                                                             Dated: 08/05/21

LN3201 ST PANCRAS TO TAPTON JN
NEILSONS SIDINGS

ARRIVAL
The siding shunter will confirm that hand points HP05 are in the required lie, changing as required. The train will draw up
to BK6069 signal, on the Up Slow, reading in the Down direction. The signaller will set a route into Neilsons Sidings. The
driver will proceed under authority of the PLS.
When the siding shunter is not on duty the driver will assume the responsibilities of the shunter.
DEPARTURE
 The siding shunter will confirm that hand points HP05 are in the required lie, changing as required. The train will draw up
to the siding departure signal, BK6070, occupying a ‘Train Waiting Track’ which informs the signaller that a train is ready
to depart. The signaller will set a route for the train to depart. The driver will proceed under authority of the PLS.
When the siding shunter is not on duty the driver will assume the responsibilities of the shunter
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/01/20




December 2006                                                 167
