                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN6




LN814 - TINSLEY NORTH JUNCTION TO SHEFFIELD TRANSFER LINE
Sheffield Tram Transfer Line/Up Tinsley Down

TS11 Failure of signalling equipment
During failure of MC, MD, AT, AV or AW axle counter sections affecting Tram Train services, Tram Train vehicles may be
allowed to proceed in one direction only on the Tinsley Chord in order to clear Network Rail infrastructure, as per
regulation P2 / 1.2 Exceptions for single lines.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/05/18


LN814 - TINSLEY NORTH JUNCTION TO SHEFFIELD TRANSFER LINE
Sheffield Tram Transfer Line

Instructions To Train Crews And Other Persons Concerned Working On Network Rail Lines Used By South
Yorkshire P.T.E. Supertram Tram Train Services
Supertram Tram Train services operate over the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line. No other rolling stock is permitted to enter
the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line except W6A gauge yellow plant for the purposes of conducting engineering work and
light engines assisting failed Class 399 Tram Train vehicles.
The Sheffield Tram Transfer Line is electrified at 750V DC overhead and must be regarded as live at all times. The
provisions of Rule Book Module AC must be observed as far as is practicable. The overhead line equipment up to 0m
20ch on the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line is controlled by the Electrical Control at York. Beyond 0m 20ch the overhead line
equipment is controlled by the Supertram Power Controller at Nunnery Depot. Any incident affecting the overhead line
equipment in the vicinity of the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line must be reported to the Electrical Control Operator at York
(Int. 037 5622 Ext. 01904 525622) in the first instance, who will relay information to the Supertram Power Controller at
Nunnery Depot. The Supertram Power Controller can be contacted directly on the following number 0114 2 798126 if
required.
The boundary between electrical controls is located at 0m 20ch on the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line. Staff taking isolation
of overhead line infrastructure on the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line must be trained in the specific requirements and
instructions associated with the 750V DC overhead system and any supplementary procedures.
Class 399 Tram Train vehicles have a different profile to standard train vehicles and lack front yellow warning panels. The
vehicle lighting is also non-standard incorporating lower intensity headlights and orange sidelights below sole bar level.
The vehicle employs an electronic horn which has a different tone to a regular air horn. Train crews and persons working
lineside should note the above differences between Tram Train vehicles and standard rolling stock.
Hazard Warning Lights
The Class 399 Hazard Warning light arrangement is non-standard incorporating flashing orange indicator lights and
orange side lights in tandem with flashing headlights, but at a lower frequency. Train crews and persons working lineside
should note this difference from standard rolling stock for identifying a Tram Train vehicle in potential distress.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/10/18

LN814 - TINSLEY NORTH JUNCTION TO SHEFFIELD TRANSFER LINE
Sheffield Tram Transfer Line

TS1 Regulation 13 – Safety of personnel
Protection of staff from trains on the Sheffield Tram Transfer Line is undertaken through application of the Possession of
Line of Sight Infrastructure methodology. This methodology applies the regulations of TS1 / 13 Taking possession of
sidings as far as possible for a passenger line with no fixed signals. In addition the requirements of regulation TS1 /
13.4.4 Possession of part of one siding have been relaxed to permit use of fixed hinged Possession Limit Boards as
protection in lieu of a sleeper secured to the rails. Staff require a Possession of Line of Sight Infrastructure Arrangements
Form (issued locally) to record details of the protection applied. Electronic copies of the Possession of Line of Sight
Infrastructure Arrangements Form can be supplied in advance of work by the Local Operations Team on request.


                                                                                                           Dated: 06/05/18




December 2006                                                 48
