London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN1




Manual Power Changeover Sites (MPCO) for Bi Mode
trains
As part of the introduction of the Intercity Express Train (IET) lineside signage has been installed at publicised strategic
locations across LNE, Anglia, LNW & Scotland. This signage is a prompt to the driver to raise the pantograph and change
traction mode from Diesel to Electric dynamically at up to permissible line speed at that location. Some sites have been
designed to deal with power deficiencies to support the increased electric trains operating within the current timetable and
may be applicable only at certain times for certain trains.
The following signs have been provided at the MPCO zone consisting of three signs. These signs are only applicable to
Bi-mode Class 800 and 802 trains operating in DIESEL mode. Any arrangements for coasting and associated Pantograph
raising are to be treated separately from these instructions and signs.
Drivers must adhere to their own specific companies operating instructions for specifics about length of requirement to
stay in diesel mode.
Manual Power Changeover Signage – Diesel to Electric Mode (D>E)

 Sign                                                   Action
                                                        Advance Traction Changeover Sign

                                                        As the train passes the ‘advance traction
                                                        changeover’ sign the driver must prepare to
                                                        carry out a dynamic manual changeover (D>E)
                                                        – this must NOT be done before the front of the
                                                        train reaches the ‘raise pantograph’ sign.




                                                        Raise Pantograph Sign

                                                        The driver must wait until the front of the train
                                                        has reached this sign before initiating a
                                                        dynamic manual changeover (D>E).




                                                        Do NOT Raise Pantograph Sign

                                                        If the pantograph(s) has not been raised by the
                                                        time the front of the train reaches this sign,
                                                        there must be no attempt made to raise the
                                                        pantograph/select Electric Mode when speed is
                                                        in excess of 20mph. The train must continue in
                                                        Diesel Mode until the train is subsequently
                                                        stopped or its speed reduced to 20mph or less.




                                                              London North Eastern Route GI - Dated: 14/03/2020




December 2006                                                36B
