London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



10.     WORKING AT BATTERSBY
10.1    If the signal does not clear for a train arriving at Battersby the driver must operate the route setting plunger. If this
        does not clear the signal the points must, on authority from the signaller, be manually operated by the driver and
        clipped and scotched in the required position. The driver must then be authorised to pass the signal at Danger
        and proceed to Battersby Station.
10.2    If a failure of the signalling equipment occurs before a driver is authorised to proceed to Battersby a competent
        person will be appointed to operate the points and authorise trains into and out of the station.
10.3    When a train has arrived at Battersby Station a movement must not be made back towards the
        Nunthorpe/Glaisdale end of the platform until a token and permission to proceed has been obtained.
10.4    The removal of a token from an instrument will operate the points and the points indicator will display a yellow
        indication with route indicator. The points indicator can also be operated by the route set plunger and this must
        be used if a train is delayed in leaving the station and the points indicator has reverted to "not set" (red) indication
        or a movement is required passed the points indicator without a token being withdrawn in the circumstances
        detailed in Instruction 2.2 (b), (c) and (d).
        If the route set plunger fails to set the route a movement must not pass the points indicator with the "not set"
        indication displayed unless the points are clipped and scotched in the required position. The driver must also
        operate the TPWS override button before proceeding.
10.5    A trolley, or on- track machine which cannot be relied upon to operate track circuits must not occupy the lines
        between signals B2, B3 and the “Stop Await Instructions” board on the platform line unless the person in charge
        of the movement is in possession of the shunt key in addition to the token for the section the movement is
        proceeding to or from.
10.6    When the shunt key is returned to the instrument after the ground frame has been used or in connection with
        10.5 the signaller at Nunthorpe must be advised.
11.     FAILURE OF POINTS INDICATOR AT GLAISDALE
        If a train is stopped at a points indicator approaching Glaisdale, the driver must obtain a key, points handle, clip
        and scotch from the cabinet near the points and manually operate and secure them in the required position.
        The driver must then drive the train over the points and then return all the equipment to the cabinet. The signaller
        must be advised of the failure and given an assurance that the clip and scotch have been removed from the
        points.
12.     WORKING AT WHITBY STATION
12.1    A trolley must not be placed/work on any line in the platforms at Whitby unless Rule Book Module TS1 13.2 or T3
        has been taken for the Glaisdale to Whitby section.
12.2    A points set indicator (EV3039) is provided for the ground frame controlled points leading to the platforms. The
        route will normally be set for Platform 1 and the indicator will show a yellow aspect with a No1. Drivers must not
        pass over the points unless the correct indication is displayed
12.3    If, in the event of the correct indication not being displayed, provided the driver can ascertain the points are in the
        correct position and the indications at the ground frame are correctly showing, the train may proceed cautiously
        into the Platform. The signaller must be advised of the circumstances
12.4    Trains for Platform 2 must be brought to a stand the points set indicator (EV3039) and the token handed to the
        Ground Frame Operator. When the route is set and a steady yellow aspect with a No.2 is shown in the indicator,
        the train may proceed to the appropriate stop marker.
12.5    After the train arrives clear in Platform 2 complete with tail lamp the Ground Frame Operator will restore the route
        towards Platform 1, replace the token in the instrument advise the signaller at Nunthorpe.
12.6    When a train is ready to depart from Platform 2, the Driver must contact the Signaller at Nunthorpe and request
        permission to withdraw a token and pass the stop board (EV3049P2). The token must be handed to the Ground
        Frame Operator. When the ground frame points are set and a yellow aspect is displayed in the points indicator,
        the train may be drawn forward with the rear well clear of Bog Hall Level Crossing (using the SLU Boards). When
        the train has cleared the point work the Ground Frame Operator will restore the ground frame and convey the
        token to the driver. The driver must not proceed beyond the Token Reminder Board unless the driver is in
        possession of the token.
12.7    Movements using the Run Round Loop or requiring access to and from Bog Hall sidings must be made on the
        authority of the Ground Frame Operator.
12.8    Stabling of a train at the Station. A maximum train formation of one 2 car class 15X or one 3 car class 14X unit
        may be stabled at the buffer stop end of the Platform 1.
12.9    All drivers entering Whitby Station must be prepared to stop short of a stabled train
12.10   Buffer Stop position location verification – the Driver must inform the Signaller at Nunthorpe if any contact has
        been made between the train and the Buffer Stop in either Platform 1 or 2. When Whitby Station is manned and
        additional daily check of the position of the buffers, that the buffer stop light is operational and there are no tell
        tale marks on the buffers indicating possible contact. Any defects must be recorded and reported to
        Nunthorpe Signal Box immediately.




December 2006                                                108
