                                                           OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Snowfall

The requirements of Rule Book Module M4 are amended as follows: -
Section 4.7 b), bullet point one: -
Earthing of the equipment is not required, unless there is a need for persons to approach the overhead line equipment, in
which case, a Permit to Work must be issued as set out in the Working Instructions for the Sunderland DC Overhead
Electrified Lines.
Beilhack Self-Propelled Snow Blower Machines

Instructions for working of this machine are detailed in the Scottish Territory Sectional Appendix. If the machine is
required to work between South Hylton – South Sunderland Jn – Pelaw Metro Jn and a permit to work is to be issued, this
must be done as set out in the Working Instructions for the Sunderland DC Overhead Electrified Lines.

This instruction is replicated in LN627



                                                                                                             Dated: 28/12/18

LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Use of Line

Only Metro trains are normally authorised to operate on this line.
If other than a Metro train is required to travel over the line, the movement must be authorised by special operating
instructions except in the following circumstances: -
    •    When it is necessary for a train to assist a failed Metro train.
    •    An Engineering train or On Track Machine is required to work within a Possession of the line.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06

LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Examination Of The Line By Metro Trains - Rule Book Module TW1, Section 12

When a Metro Train Driver is required to examine the line, and in accordance with the appropriate rules he needs to be
accompanied by a competent person during darkness, fog or falling snow or when in a tunnel, the following procedure
must be applied before examination commences: -
When a single car unit
The internal lighting must be switched to emergency mode.
When a two car unit
Passengers must, if possible, be transferred to the rear vehicle and the internal lighting turned off in the leading vehicle.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/12/13




December 2006                                                  95
