London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Permissible Speed Signs

The Permissible Speed Signs for the above routes are in both miles per hour (mph) and kilometres per hour (kmh).
Signs displaying mph are of the standard type used on Network Rail controlled infrastructure. Signs showing the
equivalent speed in kmh are positioned directly beneath the mph signs and: -
    •    are made of retro reflective material, and are of the same colours and similar dimensions as mph signs.
    •    shaped as an elongated hexagon.
    •    bear an indication of the applicable speed in kilometres (rounded down to the nearest 5 kilometres per hour) with
         the letters ‘kmh’ displayed beneath the numeric value.
Note: - The miles per hour figure will not have “mph” displayed below it.
Both types of signs are provided at all points where a Permissible Speed change applies. However, kmh signs are not
provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to Metro services, and mph
signs are not provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to non Metro
services.
Kmh indications have not been provided at Automatic Level Crossing Wrong Direction Speed Restriction Boards, and
Metro Drivers must treat the speed indications as being in kmh.
 This instruction is replicated in LN627

                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06

LN628 - SOUTH HYLTON TO SUNDERLAND SOUTH JN.
Entire Line Of Route

Protection Arrangements – Rule Book Modules M1 And M2

Tyne and Wear Metro trains do not carry detonators, and as a result detonators will not be used when Emergency
Protection or Assistance Protection is carried out in accordance with Rule Book Module M1, Section 4 and Module M2,
Section 4.
When a Metro train is to be assisted by other than a Metro train, a mobile assistance team will be sent from Metro’s
Gosforth Depot. They will be equipped with an emergency coupler and detonators, and will assist the Metro Driver in
carrying out normal Assistance Protection and recovery arrangements.
 This instruction is replicated in LN627, LN629 and LN630



                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                96
