                                                             OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN666 - BOLDON WEST JN TO TYNE DOCK
Boldon North Jn To Tyne Dock

Delivery and receipt of staff by persons other than the signaller

           Staff Station                    Person authorised to receive or
                                          deliver staff other than the signaller

            Tyne Dock                             FOC Person in Charge
                                                                                                          Dated: 09/02/08

LN670 - JARROW BRANCH
Entire Line Of Route

Instructions to Train Crews and Other Staff Concerned Working on Network Rail Lines Adjacent to the Tyne and Wear
Metro Electrified Lines
The Tyne and Wear Metro System is electrified on a 1500 volt D.C. System but must be regarded as being similar to the
Network Rail 25KV AC System. The electricity is controlled by the Metro Control Centre at South Gosforth.
The A.C. Electrified lines Instructions and Rule Book Module AC Electrified Lines Section 3 must be complied with.
If an incident or accident affects the Metro lines, the provisions of Rule Book Module G1 section 6 or Module M1 must be
applied.
Contact can be made with either the Metro System Controller (who controls the signals) at South Gosforth; the signaller at
Tyneside IECC or by GSM-R emergency call to York Control.
Electrification telephones are provided at strategic electrical locations on the Metro. Cabinets are yellow with a silver
telephone symbol and are not locked. These telephones provide direct contact with the Metro Infrastructure Controller
located in the same office as the Metro System Controller. The telephone number is 0191 213 1003.
This instruction is replicated in LN627
                                                                                                       Dated: 06/03/2021

LN672 - WARDLEY TO PELAW JN
Wardley

Arriving Trains

The Bunker Operator will be advised of an approaching train before it reaches Pelaw and asked to clear the slot on signal
T.1.
Provided the slot on T.1 signal has been cleared and the approaching train operates the treadle and track circuit PMW, the
route will set and signal T.1 will normally clear for the approaching train. If for any reason T.1 signal fails to clear, the
Driver must contact the Signaller at Tyneside who may instruct the Driver to operate the plunger located on the signal post
and if the signal clears proceed.
If signal T.1 still fails to clear the Signaller at Tyneside must be advised.
Departing Trains

The Driver of a train ready to depart must contact the Signaller at Tyneside and give details of the train. Permission may
then be given to operate the plunger at signal T.12 which will set the route to signal T.2.
If after operating the plunger signal T.12 does not clear the Signaller at Tyneside must be advised.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                  117
