                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN629 - PELAW METRO JN TO PELAW SOUTH JN
Entire Line Of Route

Instructions To Persons Working On Or Near To The Down And Up Pelaw Chord Lines.

Down Pelaw Chord
Network Rail Rules apply between Pelaw Metro Jn and signal 764. Between signal 764 and Pelaw South Jn, Tyne and
Wear Metro Rules apply.
Up Pelaw Chord
Tyne and Wear Metro Rules apply between Pelaw North Jn and signal T6282. Between signal T6282 and Pelaw Metro
Jn, Network Rail Rules apply.
The following instructions will apply to work on the Down and Up Pelaw Chord lines.
Where no movements of engineering trains are to be made in connection with the work
Down Pelaw Chord
Where the work requires to be carried out within the overlap of signal 764, the Metro System Controller, before authorising
the protection arrangements to be put in place (in accordance with Metro Rules), must liaise with the Signaller at Tyneside
Sunderland Workstation and obtain an assurance that no movements have been authorised from signal T6279 towards
signal 764, and 2803 points at Pelaw Metro Jn have been placed and will be maintained in the Normal position using the
individual point switch, until advice is received that the line is again clear for movements. An appropriate entry must be
made in the Train Register.
Up Pelaw Chord
Where the work requires to be carried out less than 200 metres beyond signal T6282, the requirements of Rule Book
Module TS1 Section13 2.2.2 and Handbook 8 Section 1.4 do not apply and signal T6282 must be used to protect the
work. Before the Signaller at Tyneside Sunderland Workstation authorises the protection arrangements to be put in place,
he must liaise with the Metro System Controller and obtain an assurance that no movements have been authorised from
signal 765 towards signal T6282, and 7017 points at Pelaw North Jn have been placed and will be maintained in the
Normal position until advice is received that the line is again clear for movements. The Signallers copy of RT3181/1 form
must be suitably endorsed.
Where train movements are to be made in connection with the engineering work.
Down Pelaw Chord
Where the work site is to be in the overlap of signal 764, that signal must be used to protect the work, and the protection
placed ahead of it in accordance with Metro Rules. Before the Metro Systems Controller authorises the protection
arrangements to be put in place, he must liaise with the Signaller at Tyneside Sunderland Workstation and obtain an
assurance that no movements have been authorised from signal T6279 towards signal 764, and 2803 points at Pelaw
Metro Jn have been placed and will be maintained in the Normal position using the individual point switch until advice is
received that the line is again clear for movements. An appropriate entry must be made in the Train Register.
Where a worksite is required to commence on the approach to signal 764 and terminate beyond that signal, the
work may only take place provided special working arrangements and instructions have been published in
advance.
Up Pelaw Chord
Where a work site is to be within 400 metres (440 yards) beyond signal T6282, this signal must be used to protect the
Rule Book Module T3 possession, and the protection placed as far from the signal as possible. Before the Signaller at
Tyneside Sunderland Workstation authorises the protection arrangements to be put in place, he must liaise with the Metro
System Controller and obtain an assurance that no movements have been authorised from signal 765 towards signal
T6282, and 7017 points at Pelaw North Jn have been placed and will be maintained in the Normal position until advice is
received that the line is again clear for movements. A record of this assurance being received must be recorded by the
Signaller in the Train Register.
Where a worksite is required to commence on the approach to signal T6282 and terminate beyond that signal, the
work may only take place provided special working arrangements and instructions have been published in
advance.

 This instruction is replicated in LN630

                                                                                                          Dated: 06/12/14




December 2006                                                99
