                                                           OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



LN634 - GUISBOROUGH JN. TO WHITBY
Ruswarp LC (ABCL)
Drivers of Down trains must before departing from Sleights station contact the Signaller at Nunthorpe to obtain permission
to proceed. The Signaller at Nunthrope should be contacted by using the GSM-R radio
If it is still not possible to contact the Signaller at Nunthorpe, the Driver may proceed, but must approach Ruswarp Level
Crossing cautiously, be prepared to stop short of the crossing and not to proceed over it until he is satisfied it is safe to do
so.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/05/16
LN634 - GUISBOROUGH JN. TO WHITBY
WHITBY
Bog Hall Sidings
Due to restricted visibility at Bog Hall footpath level crossing at 30m. 47 ch: trains to be stabled or run round in Bog Hall
sidings must normally stand on No. 2 siding, which is the siding farthest from the running line, clear of the level crossing.
Any movement propelled towards or over the level crossing MUST either be preceded on foot or if the movement is being
controlled by radio from the train, the person controlling the movement must keep a sharp lookout from the leading
vehicle.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06
LN636 - BEAM MILL JN TO SLAG ROAD (LACKENBY)
Slag Road LC
The level crossing barriers are worked by means of the Driver operating a trackside “Request to Close Crossing “
plunger on the approach to the crossing.
If the route through has already been set , the aspect lights on signals 714 and 731 will change from Red to Yellow and
the Driver may proceed over the crossing at caution. If the aspect light has not changed to Yellow, the Driver must contact
the Signaller at Grangetown by GSM-R Radio to determine the cause.
Loco/Train Failure
If a loco/train fails on the crossing, the Driver must advise the Signaller at Grangetown by GSM-R radio that his train is
obstructing the crossing.
Mechanical/Electrical Failure of the Crossing
In the event of a mechanical/electrical failure of the crossing, the Signaller at Grangetown may authorize Drivers to pass
signal 714 or 731 at Danger, proceed towards the crossing at Caution and give one long blast on the horn on approaching
the crossing, but not pass over it until a green handsignal has been displayed by the Corus representative.
                                                                                                             Dated: 07/05/16

LN638 - GRANGETOWN (SHELL JN) TO CLEVELAND FREIGHTLINER
TERMINAL (WILTON)
ICI Weighbridge House To Cleveland Freightliner Terminal (Wilton)
Delivery and receipt of staff by persons other than the signaller
             Section of Line                            Staff Station                   Person authorised to receive or
                                                                                      deliver staff other than the signaller

       ICI Weighbridge House to                    ICI Weighbridge House                       ICI Person in charge
     Cleveland Freightliner Terminal
   Cleveland Freightliner Terminal to          Cleveland Freightliner Terminal           Freightliner Operations Manager
        ICI Weighbridge House
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06

LN638 - GRANGETOWN (SHELL JN) TO CLEVELAND FREIGHTLINER
TERMINAL (WILTON)
Cleveland Freightliner Terminal (Wilton)
Trains to and from the Freightliner Terminal must be worked in accordance with the various notice boards.
Should it be necessary for a second train to run to the Freightliner Terminal, or for ICI to use the Single Line during the
time a locomotive is in the Freightliner Terminal, the Driver of the first movement must hand the Train Staff to the
Freightliner Operations Manager on request. The Driver having surrendered the Train Staff must not leave the Terminal
until he has again received the Train Staff from the Freightliner Operations Manager and permission to proceed.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06




December 2006                                                 111
