                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




       LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
       VIA THE COAST
       Sunderland South Jn To Pelaw Metro Jn

       Permissible Speed Signs

       The Permissible Speed Signs for the above routes are in both miles per hour (mph) and kilometres per hour (kmh).
       Signs displaying mph are of the standard type used on Network Rail controlled infrastructure. Signs showing the
       equivalent speed in kmh are positioned directly beneath the mph signs and: -
         • are made of retro reflective material, and are of the same colours and similar dimensions as mph signs.
         • shaped as an elongated hexagon.
         • bear an indication of the applicable speed in kilometres (rounded down to the nearest 5 kilometres per hour) with
           the letters ‘kmh’ displayed beneath the numeric value.
       Note: - The miles per hour figure will not have “mph” displayed below it.
       Both types of signs are provided at all points where a Permissible Speed change applies. However, kmh signs are not
       provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to Metro services, and mph
       signs are not provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to non Metro
       services.
       Kmh indications have not been provided at Automatic Level Crossing Wrong Direction Speed Restriction Boards, and
       Metro Drivers must treat the speed indications as being in kmh.
       This instruction is replicated in LN628

                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
       VIA THE COAST
       SUNDERLAND

       Northern trains are booked to stop at platforms 1 or 4, and Metro trains are booked to stop at platforms 2 or 3.
       Trains must be stopped in their booked platform unless the Driver is instructed to stop in a different platform by the
       Signaller.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06


       LN627 – NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
       VIA THE COAST
       Blackhills Farm UWC

       Provision of Duplicate Whistle Board at Horden Station Down Platform
       Horden Station has been constructed within the warning distance given by the existing whistle board at 78m 58ch for the
       Down direction approach to Blackhills Farm UWC. By way of mitigation an additional whistle board has been provided
       beyond the Down platform at 78m 70ch for use by drivers of Down stopping trains.
       Drivers of Down stopping trains at Horden Station are only required to sound the vehicle horn at the second whistle board
       that is situated beyond the Down platform at 78m 70ch. Drivers of non-stopping Down direction trains must sound the
       vehicle horn at both whistle boards, on the approach to and beyond the station.
                                                           Dated: 29/06/20




       December 2006                 93
