                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




       LN642 - SALTBURN WEST JN TO BOULBY POTASH MINE
       Entire Line Of Route

       Between Longbeck (27m 79ch) And Crag Hall

       Rule Book Module P2, Section 1.1. If the Tokenless Block system fails and a Pilotman is not immediately available,
       provided the authority of the Network Rail Local Operations Manager is obtained, working by Drivers ticket (RT3177)
       may be instituted at either Longbeck or Crag Hall Signal boxes, or if the Tokenless Block system fails when a train has
       passed Longbeck Signal box en route to Crag Hall, a Driver reporting from L209 signal may be authorised to obtain a
       ticket from the locked box attached to the signal post (locked with a 21 key). The Signaller must then dictate to the Driver
       the modified working authority including the progressive number of the ticket. When both Signaller and Driver are satisfied
       that the form has been completed the Signaller, after ensuring that 580 points are reversed, may give the Driver
       permission to pass L209 signal at Danger and proceed to Crag Hall.
       If a train, the Driver of which is in possession of a Drivers ticket becomes disabled between Saltburn West Jn and Crag
       Hall necessitating an assisting train entering the section, the Drivers ticket must be left in the driving compartment of the
       disabled train. The Drivers ticket must be handed to and retained by the Driver of the assisting train until both trains have
       been cleared from the section, when it must be handed to the Signaller
                                                         Dated: 22/11/08

       LN646 - NORTON-ON-TEES SOUTH TO FERRYHILL SOUTH JN.
       Ferryhill South Jn

       When a train from the Norton-on-Tees direction has passed Ferryhill South Jn and run to Ferryhill Up Sidings, and arrives
       either at (a) the Up Goods Loop or (b) within the Up Sidings clear of all connections, the train crew must ensure it is
       complete with tail lamp and advise the Signaller at Ferryhill accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06


       LN652 – BILLINGHAM JN TO PORT CLARANCE JN
       Belasis Single Line

       The single line between Belasis Lane Junction and Phillips Sidings Ground Frame will be controlled via No Signaller
       Token Remote working. Signs are provided to define the start and end of the Token Section. The token will be released by
       the York ROC (Hartlepool workstation) signaller at either Belasis Lane Jn or Phillips Sidings Ground Frame token
       machines. The withdrawal of the token at Belasis Lane Jn (1m 03ch) calls 2200 points at Belasis Lane Jn to move to the
       required lie for entry onto the Belasis Single line. If for any reason the points fail to move on the extraction of the token, or
       indications are not as expected the driver should contact the York ROC signaller and request the points to be operated via
       the Hartlepool workstation point key. A start of section, points indicator NS7207 will be provided at 1m 03ch on the
       entrance to the single line from the Down Belasis line . The indications provided by this Indicator are:


       • A flashing red aspect indicates no route is set. This aspect is the normal ‘ON’ aspect. No authority to proceed.
       • A flashing blue aspect indicates an authority to proceed, with the TPWS de-energised.
       • A steady blue aspect indicates an authority to proceed in a degraded mode when the TPWS has failed to suppress.
       • Both a flashing blue for normal departure or steady blue for degraded mode indicate an authorityto proceed


       Exiting the single line section, a train from Port Clarence Jn / Phillips Sidings Ground Frame should replace the token in
       the token machine at Belasis Lane Junction on arrival at signal NS7204 (1m 06ch).
                                                         Dated: 10/02/2020




       December 2006                113
