                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




       LN666 - BOLDON WEST JN TO TYNE DOCK
       Boldon North Jn To Tyne Dock

       Delivery and receipt of staff by persons other than the signaller

            Staff Station  Person authorised to receive or
                          deliver staff other than the signaller

             Tyne Dock        FOC Person in Charge
                                                           Dated: 09/02/08

       LN670 - JARROW BRANCH
       Entire Line Of Route

       Instructions to Train Crews and Other Staff Concerned Working on Network Rail Lines Adjacent to the Tyne and Wear
       Metro Electrified Lines
       The Tyne and Wear Metro System is electrified on a 1500 volt D.C. System but must be regarded as being similar to the
       Network Rail 25KV AC System. The electricity is controlled by the Metro Control Centre at South Gosforth.
       The A.C. Electrified lines Instructions and Rule Book Module AC Electrified Lines Section 3 must be complied with.
       If an incident or accident affects the Metro lines, the provisions of Rule Book Module G1 section 6 or Module M1 must be
       applied.
       Contact can be made with either the Metro System Controller (who controls the signals) at South Gosforth; the signaller at
       Tyneside IECC or by GSM-R emergency call to York Control.
       Electrification telephones are provided at strategic electrical locations on the Metro. Cabinets are yellow with a silver
       telephone symbol and are not locked. These telephones provide direct contact with the Metro Infrastructure Controller
       located in the same office as the Metro System Controller. The telephone number is 0191 213 1003.
       This instruction is replicated in LN627
                                                         Dated: 06/03/2021


       LN670 – JARROW BRANCH
       Entire Line Of Route

       TPWS
       All trains, other than Metro trains, running between Pelaw Jn for Jarrow and Jarrow Oil Depot, must be fitted with operative
       TPWS in the leading cab. A train on which the TPWS has failed must not be allowed to proceed beyond T40/42 signals at
       Pelaw Jn towards Nexus infrastructure. If a failure of the TPWS occurs on a train proceeding towards Pelaw Jn for Jarrow,
       the Driver must immediately stop the train and advise the Signaller of the circumstances. The Signaller must liaise with
       Network Rail Control York, to establish where the train is to be taken out of service, or proceed to a location where it can
       be dealt with. The most suitable of the following locations must be used to stable the train until either repairs can be
       carried out or assistance is given by a train fitted with working TPWS:-
       1. Tyne Yard Reversible line
       2. Gateshead Reversible line
       If it is not possible to utilise the above locations, the train may be allowed to proceed beyond T40/42 signals at Pelaw Jn
       for Jarrow, provided the Signaller has obtained the permission of the Nexus Service Delivery Controller (SDC) and
       Network Rail Control, York. Before authorising a train with failed TPWS to proceed, the Signaller must advise the Driver
       where the train is to proceed to. The Signaller must arrange with the Nexus SDC for the line ahead on which the train is to
       proceed to be cleared of Metro services through to the Jarrow Oil Depot. Where possible, all signals on the affected route
       must be cleared before the movement starts.
                                                         Dated: 07/01/2023




       December 2006                117
