                                                         OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8



13.      TRAINING STAFF IN OPERATIONS AT BATTERSBY, GLAISDALE AND WHITBY
13.1      Whenever it is necessary for staff to be trained or refreshed in their knowledge of the Manual Operation of the
         hydro-pneumatic points at Glaisdale, the motor points at Battersby or the Ground Frames at Battersby, Glaisdale
         or Whitby, the safety of those staff should be ensured by the person in charge of the group taking possession of
         the relevant token.
13.2     The person in charge of the group must be fully conversant with the operation of the
         no–signaller token instruments, but does not need to be a COSS
13.3     The person in charge of the group must telephone the signaller at Nunthorpe and obtain his permission to
         withdraw the appropriate token(s), agreeing at what time it will be necessary to restore the tokens to enable the
         passage of trains.
13.4     When the training is completed or suspended to allow the passage of a train(s), the token(s) must be restored to
         the instrument(s) and the signaller at Nunthorpe informed
14.      Arrangements for Line Blockages
14.1     When a line blockage is to be taken for any work at any location between Nunthorpe and Whitby additional
         protection must always be provided in accordance with Handbook 8 or Handbook 21 for work that does not affect
         safety of the line a Protection Controller must be appointed and remain in Nunthorpe signalbox for the duration of
         the blockage. The Protection Controller must make the necessary arrangements and act as a reminder to the
         Signaller.
14.2     If it is necessary to arrange a blockage in accordance with Handbook 8 or Handbook 21 or Rule Book Module T3
         for work in Platform 1 at Whitby, arrangements must be made to block the line between Glaisdale and Whitby.
15.      Watering / train inspection in Platform1
The provision of a reminder appliance is available in the Key Token cabinet K1 for drivers needing to water or inspect a
train in Platform 1. The reminder appliance shall be placed on the release lever of the Run Round ground frame to prohibit
train movements on the Run Round Line. On completion of the task the reminder appliance will be returned to the Key
Token cabinet K1.

                                                                                                         Dated: 18/11/17




December 2006                                               109
