                                   OFFICIAL


       London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




       LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
       VIA THE COAST
       Sunderland South Jn To Pelaw Metro Jn

       Temporary And Emergency Speed Restriction Signs

       All signs, indicators, and other associated equipment relating to Temporary and Emergency Speed Restrictions, will be of
       the standard type used on Network Rail controlled infrastructure, and the speed displayed on Warning Boards and Speed
       Indicators will be in miles per hour (mph).
       Signs showing the equivalent speed in kilometres per hour (kmh) will be positioned directly beneath the mph signs and
       will: -
          • be made of retro reflective material, and be of the same colours and similar dimensions as mph signs.
          • be shaped as an elongated hexagon.
          • bear an indication of the applicable speed in kilometres (rounded down to the nearest
          • 5 kilometres per hour) with the letters ‘kmh’ displayed beneath the numeric value.
       Note: - The miles per hour figure will not have “mph” displayed below it.
       Both types of signs will be provided at all points where a Temporary/Emergency Speed Restriction is in place. However,
       kmh signs will not be provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not available to Metro
       services, and mph signs will not be provided at locations where a speed is indicated for a diverging route which is not
       available to non Metro services.

       This instruction is replicated in LN628
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       LN627 - NORTHALLERTON LONGLANDS JN TO NEWCASTLE EAST JN
       VIA THE COAST
       Sunderland South Jn To Pelaw Metro Jn

       Protection Arrangements – Rule Book Modules M1 And M2

       Tyne and Wear Metro trains do not carry detonators, and as a result detonators will not be used when Emergency
       Protection or Assistance Protection is carried out in accordance with Rule Book Module M1, Section 4 and Module M2,
       Section 4.
       When a Metro train is to be assisted by other than a Metro train, a mobile assistance team will be sent from Metro’s
       Gosforth Depot. They will be equipped with an emergency coupler and detonators, and will assist the Metro Driver in
       carrying out normal Assistance Protection and recovery arrangements.
       This instruction is replicated in LN628, LN629 and LN630
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2006                 91
