                                                          OFFICIAL


London North Eastern Route Sectional Appendix Module LN8




LN656 - SEATON-ON-TEES BRANCH
Graythorpe LC (AOCL)

This crossing is operated under the provisions of Rule Book Section Module TW8, Section 4, except that a white flashing
light on the plunger panel when illuminated indicates the crossing road signals are working and the Guard or Shunter, if
the crossing is clear may then authorise the Driver to proceed.
When the train has drawn clear of the crossing and no further movement is to be made over the crossing the Guard or
Shunter must press the stop lights plunger and then rejoin his train.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN656 - SEATON-ON-TEES BRANCH
Hartlepool Power Station

1.   Inwards Train
DRS movement to be brought to a stand at the Outer Security Gate. DRS train crew to telephone Security who will switch
on floodlighting if required. When Security have ensured that the Nuclear Electric Locomotive is within the Inner Security
Gate, they will permit the DRS movement to enter the main track. The train must be stabled beyond West Level Crossing,
clear of the Crossing. When the train is at a stand the Trainman must apply handbrakes on all vehicles including the
Guards Van. DRS locomotive to be uncoupled and return via the run-round track to leave the site. The Nuclear Electric
locomotive will then carry out all necessary shunting movements.
2.   Outwards Train.
The Nuclear Electric locomotive will shunt the outward train ready for collection onto the main track. DRS movement to be
brought to a stand at the Outer security gate. DRS traincrew to telephone Security, who when they have ensured that the
Nuclear Electric locomotive is within the Inner Security gate, will permit the DRS movement to enter the main track. DRS
Trainman will couple the DRS locomotive to the train, release all handbrakes, perform all train preparation duties and sign
for the appropriate wagon labels, envelope containing consignment note and Health Physicist's vehicle clearance
certificate. The DRS movement will then depart from the site and Security will close and lock the Outer gate and switch off
lighting if necessary.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN662 - RYHOPE GRANGE TO HENDON
Sunderland Docks

Fina Depot Automatic Open Crossing

Rule Book Module TW8, Section 4 applies so far as is appropriate to this crossing, except that the road traffic signals and
Drivers white lights are controlled by the Fina Depot or Port Cargo Operatives, as appropriate.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

LN662 – RYHOPE GRANGE TO HENDON
Hendon Arrival / Departure – Hendon Siding

The Person in Charge will contact the signaller upon commencing duty to provide their contact details.
For arriving trains, any train under 350m will be routed directly to NS7221 Stop Sign where the driver will await acceptance
by the Person in Charge. Longer trains should be held in the Down Cliff House Loop (if travelling in the down direction), or
other suitable planned holding point, until the signaller confirms the Person in Charge is ready to accept the train to ensure
Ryhope Grange Junction remains clear. For departing trains, the Person in Charge will contact the signaller for permission
to release a train beyond Londonderry private sidings to ensure no conflicting move is simultaneously set into the Hendon
Arrival / Departure – Hendon Siding.
                                                                                                        Dated: 10/02/2020




December 2006                                               114
