                                                                                              OFFICIAL


                                                                             LNE Route Sectional Appendix Module LNRC




ROUTE CLEARANCE (LONDON NORTH EASTERN)                                                                                                                         Last Updated: 29/03/2014
LONDON NORTH EASTERN
GENERAL NOTES

The following tables apply only to the working of locomotives/multiple units and coaching stock over running lines and sidings listed in the Table As of the Sectional Appendix. All speed
restrictions and local instructions shall be adhered to.

The notations (used in these tables) are explained as follows:

   Y      Permitted to operate over the route without restriction.
   R      Permitted to operate over part or all of the route but restrictions apply. See “Notes” column for details.
   N      No published clearance*
   E      ECS/transit - self powered
  EH      ECS/transit - dead hauled - (pantograph (where fitted) is lowered)
   H      Hauled - (pantograph (where fitted) is lowered)
   B      When the loco’s RA is higher than that of the route then permission is ONLY given (B) for trains working to/from a possession, or to assist a failed train in an
          emergency. Prior permission must be obtained from Network Rail Control.
   T      Permitted to operate with the Tilt system

* Where clearances are not published in the Sectional Appendix Route Clearance Tables vehicles are only allowed to operate when specifically permitted and the authority has been formally
published in an operating notice.

Conditions of Operation

In addition to any restrictions published in the Route Clearance Tables, it shall be noted that there are other documents (Network Rail Acceptance Panel Summary of Rolling Stock/Infrastructure
Compatibility, Discrepancy Registers, Local and General Instructions) that apply to operation on Network Rail managed infrastructure. The Railway Undertaking will ensure that it familiarises
itself with these.

Tables

  D1      Diesel Multiple Units
  D2      Electric Multiple Units
  D3      Coaching Stock
  D4      Locomotives Electric and Diesel
  D5      Freight containers/swap bodies




October 2009                                                                                       5
