                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




       MANAGEMENT OF TRAINS WITH WHEEL DEFECTS
       DETECTED BY LINESIDE EQUIPMENT
       Lineside equipment is installed at strategic locations in Scotland Route to minimise the possibility of damage to track
       caused by wheel defects or overloaded vehicles and provide details of all trains with wheel loads outside acceptable limits.
       This equipment, known as “Wheelchex™”, measures train/vehicle wheel loads and impact forces and is programmed to
       alert Network Rail Route Control when alarm levels are generated.
       The Network Rail Route Control Duty Manager requires to action generated alarms by advising the signaller(s) concerned
       that trains are to be brought to a stand with normal signal sequence, and the driver concerned that a severe wheel
       defect has been detected, and giving the conditions for onward movement.
       To recognise time lapse of advice of alarm(s), which are processed from each site after passage of train(s), locations have
       been identified as generally suitable to bring trains to a stand with normal signal sequence, from which point(s) they
       would be subject to reduced speed/withdrawal from traffic. Locations may be altered as circumstances dictate.

         Wheelchex™ Site   Mileage       Line         Location
           Braidwood      80m 1276y      Down       Mossend/Motherwell
           Braidwood      80m 1276y       Up         Carstairs/Lanark
           Howwood        12m 1700y      Down       Brownhill/Kilwinning
           Howwood        12m 1700y       Up           Paisley
           Innerwick      33m 1374y      Down          Drem
           Innerwick      33m 1374y       Up          Grantshouse
          New Cumnock   56 miles 1540 yards
                                         Down         Mauchline
          New Cumnock   56 miles 1540 yards
                                          Up         Thornhill loop
           Philpstoun      32m 22y       Down        Bo’ness/Polmont
           Philpstoun      32m 22y        Up     Winchburgh branch/Haymarket
                                                       West
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 03/10/09


       MARK IV STOCK - DOOR BARRIERS – TOC Concerned
       Mark IV trains carry two door barriers for use when there is delay to the train, not in a designated platform, which is likely
       to exceed 30 minutes and the train air conditioning is not available.
       When such a failure exists, in addition to the standard Rules, the traincrew will work in accordance with the instructions of
       the TOC concerned which require the driver to establish that there is no danger to the train from damaged overhead
       equipment. After the safety of the train has been established, the driver will liaise with the signaller as to whether after the
       door barriers are placed in position, two train doors can be opened to assist the flow of fresh air through the train.
       If the failure occurs on a two track formation or on a multi track formation when the train is on a line adjacent to the cess,
       the barriers may be placed in position and two of the cess side doors opened provided the train is not standing at a place
       where it would be dangerous to do so, eg. on a viaduct, in a tunnel or where there is limited clearances. On no account
       must doors be opened on the six foot side.
       If the failure occurs on a multi track formation and the train is not on a line adjacent to the cess, the traincrew must assess
       the situation and decide if sufficient clearance exists before advising the signaller and requesting that all trains over the
       line adjacent to the side on which doors are to be opened are cautioned and drivers advised of the circumstances. When
       the traincrew and the signaller have reached a complete understanding about what is to be done, the barriers may be
       placed in position and the two doors opened.
       If there is any doubt whether sufficient clearance exists the traincrew must request that one adjacent line be stopped to
       traffic. Before the signaller agrees to such a request, Network Rail Operations Control must be consulted. Network Rail
       Operations Control must liaise as necessary with the Control office of the TOC concerned in order to agree priorities.
       When a strategy has been agreed, the appropriate line must be stopped to traffic and the traincrew advised. In these
       circumstances train movements over the stopped line must not be resumed until an assurance is received that all doors
       have been closed.
       Where it is known in advance that the OHL power will be off for some time or a train on which the air conditioning has
       failed will be stopped for some time, every effort should be made to route that train onto an appropriate line with an
       adjacent cess.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 05/12/09




       April 2010                  64
