Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



Shed sidings – Movements to and from sheds (notice boards) – The following instructions apply to:-
                  Shed roads 3 and 4
                  Fueling road (east end)
Where reference is made in the following instructions to ‘designated person’, this means the person responsible for
protection on the group of sidings concerned, who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters ‘DP’ in black.
1.   When required to make a movement in to the Shed or Fuelling road, the driver must stop at the Stop Board.
2.   Movements past a Stop Board and movements out of the Shed must not be made until the designated person has
     personally given the shunters or driver an assurance that it is safe for the movement to commence.
Depot Yard Coordinator’s office – local panel
The signaller at Edinburgh SC will request a release for movements proceeding to the Carriage sidings or the depot. The
Yard Coordinator must not operate the appropriate slot key switch to the OFF position unless he is satisfied that it is safe
to do so and permission has not been given for a conflicting movement to be made.
Should it not be possible to operate the slow twitch when required, or give permission for an incoming movement to be
made, the Yard Coordinator must advise the signaller at Edinburgh SC of the circumstances.
In the event of a failure of the appropriate slot key switch, verbal permission may be given by the Yard Coordinator to the
signaller at Edinburgh SC for the movement to proceed, provided the above conditions apply.
A record must be maintained of failures of equipment, and any other exceptional circumstances.
                                                                                                            Dated: 19/07/10

SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
Between Saughton and Haymarket Station

EDINBURGH TRAM LINES ADJACENT TO NETWORK RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE

General

Edinburgh tram lines run adjacent to Network Rail infrastructure between Saughton and Haymarket Station from 3 miles
30 chains to 1 mile 19 chains. All operations on the tram lines are controlled by the Edinburgh Tram Control Room. There
is no physical connection between the Edinburgh tram lines and Network Rail infrastructure. Trams run at a maximum
speed of 45kph (approximately 30mph) but are driven on sight – the trams can stop within the distance the driver can see
to be clear.
Tram signals, consisting of five white lights displayed horizontally or vertically, may be exhibited on tram lines but these
have no meaning for train drivers on Network Rail infrastructure and must be disregarded.
Overhead electrification

The Edinburgh tram lines are electrified by an overhead line system energised at 750 volts DC. The overhead line
equipment must be regarded as live and dangerous at all times. No part of a person’s body, clothing, or any equipment
being used or carried, may be allowed to come within 2.75 metres (9 feet) of any part of the overhead line equipment.
Emergency action

If it is necessary to stop the passage of trams due to an obstruction on the tram lines, or if it is necessary to request that
the overhead line equipment is switched off in an emergency, the Edinburgh Tram Control Room must be contacted by the
quickest means possible.
The Edinburgh Tram Control Room can be contacted on 0131 622 8969
All persons contacting the Control Room by telephone must follow the normal safety critical communications shown in the
railway industry GE/RT8000 Rule Book.
                                                                                                            Dated: 14/12/13




October 2009                                                  68
