Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6

SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
FALKIRK HIGH)
EDINBURGH WAVERLEY
Electrical Isolation of Overhead Line Equipment on platform 4 line - When platform 4 line at Waverley station requires
to be isolated, this must be in accordance with the instructions contained in RT/E/S/29987 (Local Isolation and Earthing of
25 kV AC. Overhead Line Equipment).
The shift manager at Edinburgh signalling centre must be requested to provide the necessary signal protection and an
assurance to this effect must be received before the isolation is imposed.
The shift manager at Edinburgh signalling centre must be advised when the line is re-energised.
Sounding of locomotive horns during night - Drivers must not sound their locomotive horns within the precincts of the
station nor under the station roof between midnight and 06 00, except to give warning of danger or when absolutely
necessary in connection with working movements.
Trains leaving station platforms - The person in charge must not authorise the guard of a passenger train to start from a
platform until the platform starting signal has been cleared.
On through platform lines, after a train has come to a stand, no further movement must be made towards the signal
ahead until it has been cleared or the permission of the signaller has been obtained.
South siding - Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the buffer stop when the siding is clear throughout.
Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart. A train must not draw forward
towards exit signal E816 unless that signal has been cleared or permission has been obtained from the signaller for the
movement to be made.
Drivers must not alight from, or join, a train within this siding unless the train is at the buffer stop and must only use the
driving cab at the buffer stop end for this purpose.
No.16 Mid siding - Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the buffer stop when the siding is clear throughout.
Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart from the siding. A train must
not draw forward towards exit signal E837 unless that signal is showing a proceed aspect or permission has been
obtained from the signaller for the movement to be made.
Drivers must not alight from a train within this siding unless the train is at the buffer stop and only then from the driving cab
at the buffer stop end.
Platform 9 - Freight trains are prohibited from working through the station via platform 9 line due to track alignment and
potential structure damage resulting from vibration.
Sprinter Multiple Units - Platform 9 stop car marker boards - Trains travelling in the Up direction must stop at either the
2/4 or the 3/6 stop car marker board. Trains travelling in the Down direction must stop at the 2/3/4 stop car marker board.
Attaching - Drivers must bring their train to stand at the stop car markers shown above. Due to the curvature of platform 9,
the central (54 yards) section and East and West ends (which are straight) must be used for attaching. If the 2 vehicles to
be attached are not within the areas above, the permission of the signaller must be requested to move the vehicles to the
straight section.
Detaching - Drivers must bring their train to a stand at the markers shown above. Formations up to 6 vehicles may be
detached safely.
Through platforms additional TPWS equipment
Additional TPWS train stop equipment (TSS-2) is provided to protect against any potential start-away SPAD in the
following through platforms:
                               Platform      Platform starting           TSS-2 distance from
                                             signal                      signal
                               2             E444                        110m on approach
                               11            E471                        18m on approach
                               19            E489                        40m on approach
Each TSS-2 is energised when the platform starting signal to which it applies is at danger and no route has been set up to
it. To prevent false TPWS brake demands being caused by this equipment during attaching and detaching movements
when the platform starting signal is at danger, the following instructions apply for platforms 2, 11 and 19 only:
Multiple unit trains drawing up –
If a movement will pass over the TSS-2, after receiving permission to draw up the platform from the signaller the driver
must use the TPWS train stop override in the driving cab immediately before starting the movement. If a TPWS brake
demand occurs during the movement, the driver must immediately contact the signaller, explain what has happened and
not make any further movement until the signaller gives permission.
Caledonian Sleeper trains –
When a Caledonian Sleeper train requires to draw up platform 19 during shunting operations, the driver must stop the
leading driving cab of the movement at the stop marker provided.
                                                                                                             Dated: 23/11/19




October 2009                                                   48
