                                   OFFICIAL


                         Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9




       SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
       FORT WILLIAM

       T & RSD

       Movements to and from the Maintenance Shed - Where reference is made in the following instructions to "designated
       person" this means the person responsible for protection who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters "DP"
       in black.
       1.When required to make a movement into the Shed, the driver must stop at the Stop board on No.3 locomotive siding.
       2.Movements past the Stop board and movements out of the Shed must not be made until the designated person has
         personally given the shunter or driver an assurance that it is safe for the movement to commence and the derailer has
         been moved clear of the rail.
       3.When the movement has passed clear, the derailer must be immediately locked in the raised position by the
         designated person.
       Movements to and from Nos.1 and 2 locomotive sidings - The undernoted arrangements need only be observed
       during the period when maintenance work is taking place within these sidings :-
       Where reference is made in the following instructions to "designated person" this means the person responsible for
       protection who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters "DP" in black.
       1.Before maintenance work commences in No.1 and / or 2 siding, the designated person must open and padlock the
         hinged Stop board, positioned facing to movements approaching these sidings, to show "Stop - Await Instructions",
         and lock the associated derailer in the raised position.
       2.Before work commences on any vehicle in No.1 or 2 siding, the provisions of the Rule Book , Module T10 must be
         applied to all vehicles in Nos.1 and 2 siding, and maintained until all such work has been completed.
       3.When all maintenance work and all associated train movements are completed in Nos.1 and 2 sidings, the designated
         person must close and padlock the hinged Stop board so that nothing is displayed, and unlock and lower the
         associated derailer.
       4.On proceeding towards the depot, drivers must be prepared to stop at the hinged Stop board. If it is displaying "Stop -
         Await Instructions", further movement must not be made unless specifically authorised by the designated person. If
         the designated person does not arrive to give the driver instructions within 10 minutes of the train coming to a stand at
         the Stop board, the driver must contact the maintenance foreman and wait for further instructions. If the Stop board is
         not displaying any instructions, drivers may proceed into No.1 or 2 siding, (or towards the Stop board on the
         Maintenance Shed siding).
       5.During the period when maintenance work is taking place in Nos.1 and / or 2 sidings, drivers must not commence any
         movement to, within or from No.1 or 2 siding unless specifically authorised by the designated person.
       6.When giving permission for a movement to proceed beyond the hinged Stop board, the designated person must
         ensure that the derailer is lowered and must advise the driver the line to which the movement will proceed, stating
         whether the line is occupied or clear, give an assurance that staff working in the area have been advised of the
         movement and remind drivers to check that any points are correctly set. Drivers must not commence a movement
         until this advice is received. The provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2 apply.
       7.During any movement to, within or from either of the sidings, the driver must proceed only as far as the line is clear,
         keeping a good lookout at all times for any persons or obstructions.
       8.The designated person must not leave duty without ensuring that the hinged Stop board has been secured in the
         closed position and the associated derailer lowered unless maintenance work is continuing in No.1 and / or 2 siding,
         and the designated person is handing over duty to his relief.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
       Entire Line Of Route
       Automatic Warning System - Referring to the Rule Book, Handbook RS/521 Section 1.5, Cancelling indicators are not
       provided.
       Special authority cards - Cancelled special authority cards referred to in clause 4.1. and 6.2. of the instructions Single
       Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
       Work and Others Concerned must be left at the signing off point.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




       October 2009                  58
