                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




       PASSENGER STATIONS - WHITELINING OF PLATFORM
       EDGES
       THE UNDERNOTED INSTRUCTIONS APPLY ONLY TO LINES CONTROLLED BY THE RADIO ELECTRONIC TOKEN
       BLOCK SYSTEM.
       The undernoted instructions do not apply where platform lockout protection is available.
       1.  PRINCIPLE
       When work in connection with the whitelining of platform edges has to be undertaken, safety must be maintained. Such
       work is limited to the lining of the top edge of the platform coping to the top of the platform ramps.
       2.  DEFINITIONS
       2.1 Person in charge
       The person in charge is the station rail operator authorised to carry out such work.
       3.  METHOD
       3.1 Protection
       The person authorised to carry out such work (who is referred to in this instruction as the person in charge), must agree
       with the signaller the locations and times of whitelining, which must be selected to minimise interference with train running,
       and arrange for the line affected to be protected by the "Track Blocked" procedure.
       4.  BEFORE WHITELINING STARTS
       4.1 Arrangements to be made between person in charge and signaller
       Before whitelining starts, the person in charge must advise and agree with the signaller :
       a)which line(s) will be affected.
       b)the length of time required, the time when permission may be given for whitelining to start and the time it must be
         completed.
       c)that the line(s) concerned will be protected by the "Track Blocked" procedure.
       4.2 Entries to be made in the Occurrence Book
       When "Track Blocked" protection has been given the signaller must make an entry in the Occurrence Book :
                "Traffic suspended for platforming whitelining at .......
                Commenced ........... (time)
                                Completed ........... (time)
                The person in charge must record the details in the book specially provided.
       4.3 Endorsement of Entries in Occurrence Book
       Before permitting whitelining to start, the person in charge must ask the signaller to read back the entry and when satisfied
       that it is correct, he must repeat his name, department, place from where he is speaking and the time. The signaller must
       endorse the entry accordingly. Staff may then be allowed to commence work.
       5.  DURING WHITELINING
       5.1 Interruption of whitelining
       If for any reason it is necessary to stop whitelining before completion, the signaller and person in charge must confer as
       necessary and come to a clear understanding about the arrangements which apply. The person in charge must ensure
       staff and equipment are clear of the platform edge and advise the signaller when this has been done.
       6.  WHEN WHITELINING IS COMPLETED
       6.1 Before trains are allowed to enter the line
       When whitelining is completed, the person in charge must ensure that all staff and equipment are clear of the platforms,
       and advise the signaller when this has been done.
       The signaller must record the completion time in the Occurrence Book before cancelling the "Track Blocked"
       arrangements.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 27/12/08




       April 2010                  71
