                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC13




SC193 - PERTH TO INVERNESS
PERTH

Washing Plant – The washing plant is fully automatic. The “WASH” indication will normally be displayed. Drivers of
trains which require to proceed through the washing plant without washing must stop and press the plunger provided on
the immediate approach to the plant. This will alter the indicator to display “NO WASH”.
When trains are worked through the washing plant and the wash equipment is operating, speed must not exceed 2mph
until the last vehicle is clear of the plant at the north end.
If the incorrect indication is displayed, or where no indication is exhibited, the driver may proceed at 2mph through the
plant and must report the failure to the signaller at the stop board at the north end.
If a failure occurs, where appropriate, the plunger must be operated a second time. If the correct indication is still not
exhibited the driver must proceed as above.
Movements must not be propelled on this line which must be used in the Down direction only. All movements must
proceed to the north end.
Trains exceeding 600 feet (180m) including locomotive, are prohibited from proceeding through the washing plant unless
the “NO WASH” indication is selected.
Authorisation is granted for stabling on the wash line however the driver or yard coordinator will ensure that there is space
for the trains to split or stable so they to fit between P91 and P149 signals.
Up Carriage sidings - Drivers of trains departing from the sidings must, immediately prior to moving towards the exit
signal, contact the signaller for advice on any ingoing movements using the following terminology :-
Driver - “Driver of 5NXX, preparing to move from the Up Carriage sidings at Perth. Are any incoming movements in
progress?”
Signaller, Perth SB-        “There are no incoming movements in progress to the Up Carriage sidings”
                            OR
                            “Standby driver, there is an incoming movement signalled to the Up Carriage sidings.”
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/01/12

SC193 - PERTH TO INVERNESS
PERTH CARRIAGE SIDINGS
Locomotive Movements and Stabling at Perth Carriage Sidings

        •The stabling of locomotives under the shed roof of the sidings is prohibited, due to the hazard of
         diesel engine exhaust emissions.

        •Roads 2 and 9, and the Loading Bank, are the only permitted roads for stabling locomotives at Perth
         Carriage Sidings.

        •The Signaller must seek permission from the Station Coordinator/ Yard Coordinator for authorising
         movements of all locomotives into either Road 2, Road 9 or the Loading Bank.

Winter Development Train (WDT)

        •Movement of the WDT must be authorised into Road 2.

        •The WDT will undertake its initial locomotive preparations, in its stabled road.

        •Upon completion of the initial preparations, it must then move, under authority and direction, into
         Platform 4 of the station, where its remaining inspections, checks and preparation will be concluded,
         prior to leaving for service.

In the event that the above is not possible, locomotive movements must be agreed between the Station
Coordinator/ Yard Coordinator and Signaller.

                                                                                                            Dated: 07/11/15




October 2009                                                  37
