                                   OFFICIAL


                         Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9



       SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
       Lower Crianlarich TEP

       Drivers are exempt from carrying out the 'loop clear' procedure after passing Lower Crianlarich.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
       DALMALLY TEP To TAYNUILT TEP

       Pass of Brander - Automatic stone signals - Between the 51¾ and 56 mile posts in the Pass of Brander, 16 automatic
       stone signals are erected on the South or loch side, and one near the 54 mile post on the North or hill side of the line, at
       irregular distances from each other, and at points where the best view can be obtained of them from either direction. All
       these signal posts carry an Up and a Down arm, with the exception of the one at the East end which carries a Down arm
       only, and the one at the West end which carries an Up arm only. The signals are connected by a number of wires forming
       a screen which runs along the top of the railway slope on the hill side of the line, and so long as the screen wires remain
       intact, the signals remain clear; but in the event of a stone falling from the mountain and one or more wires being broken;
       Up and Down signals go to danger. Every alternate wire passes the first signal post and is connected with the second
       signal post, and when a driver sights a signal at danger he must reduce speed and proceed cautiously in accordance with
       the Rule Book, Module S5, until a second clear signal is reached - as there may be one clear signal between two danger
       ones - or until the last special signal for the falling stones is passed. He must also inform the signaller at Banavie
       signalling centre by radio that a stone signal is at danger.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
       CONNEL FERRY TEP To OBAN TEP

       Single Line Block Section - The Down direction single line block section is defined as the line between the stop board at
       Connel Ferry and the designated line buffer stop at Oban.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
       OBAN TEP

       Joining and splitting of trains - The following arrangements apply :-
       Joining - The first train to enter the platform must be brought to a stand at the far end of the station and return the token.
       The second train will be issued with a 'Occupied' token at Connel Ferry and the driver reminded, when being given
       permission to proceed, that the Platform line is occupied. In the event of a failure of all cab equipment in the second train,
       a special authority card may be used provided Clause (a) on the special authority card is endorsed 'Occupied'.
       Splitting - Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must be entered in the system.
       After the first train has passed clear of the loop line, the rear train may draw forward to the combined stop board / points
       set indicator provided station duties have been completed, all is in order for the train to commence the movement and the
       conductor has sent the bell / buzzer code 6, to the driver. Before requesting a token to proceed, the driver must advise the
       signaller that he is at a stand at the stop board.
       If only one radio is operational on the train, it may be split but the portion with the working radio must proceed to Glasgow.
       If all radios are non-operational but the radio / signalling system is still in working order in the Oban area, the train must
       not be split but proceed to Glasgow in accordance with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines Worked
       by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others
       Concerned.
       If splitting requires to take place during the period of a failure of the radio / signalling system affecting all trains in the Oban
       area prior to the introduction of RETB Working by Pilotman, each portion may be allowed to proceed from Oban in
       accordance with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block -
       Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned.
       Station Limits - Station Limits is defined as the line between the Station Limits board and the buffer stops.
                                                           Dated: 22/11/20




       October 2009                  59
