Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1



Failures

If an electric locomotive loses power, the person in charge must contact Cathcart ECR at the earliest opportunity.
If assistance is required due to locomotive failure or overhead line power loss, coupling equipment necessary for the
rendering of assistance is stored on the plough.
3. Beilhack Self - Propelled rotary snow blower machines.

General

The automatic air brake must be in use on the machine and support vehicles.
Speed must not exceed that shown in the following table :-
            Circumstance                                              Machine No.
                                                   ADB 968500                           ADB 968501
               When :-                                 MPH                                   MPH

    Snow blowing                                        40                                    40
                                                                                     (30 over points and
                                                                                          crossings)
    Hauling support vehicles                            40                                    40
                                                                                     (30 over points and
                                                                                          crossings)
    Propelling support vehicles                         20                                    20
    Moved “dead”                                        40                                    50


The machine must only ;-
•      be moved “dead” when correctly prepared and the gear box is isolated
•      be assisted from the opposite end to the snow blower unit, when it is mounted
The machine must be signalled and dealt with as an on-track machine which CANNOT be relied upon to operate track
circuits (see the Rule Book, Module OTM).
Exception :- This DOES NOT APPLY if at least one support vehicle is attached, but where points are locked by track
circuits, they must not be operated until the machine is well clear. The individual points switches must be used on a route
setting panel.
Snow blowing must start (or re-start after a train passes) only if the person in charge has obtained the signaller’s
assurance that trains on the adjacent line(s) have been stopped.
After giving that assurance, the signaller must not allow a train to approach the site of snow blowing until:
•      snow blowing has been suspended
•      the person in charge has confirmed the unit is secured clear of the line concerned
•      the driver of the train is instructed to approach the site cautiously, before clearing the signal for the train to proceed
The person in charge must tell the signaller when the train has passed clear.
If an adjacent line may be fouled or affected by the use of the turntable on the unit, the instructions shown in the Rule
Book, Module TS1 Section 13 and Handbook 8 must be carried out in respect of the line concerned, unless trains have
already been stopped while snow blowing is taking place. If at a token exchange point, the appropriate “shunt” token,
where available, may be used.
Where the machine is working on an electrified line, an isolation must be obtained before snow blowing starts. Earthing of
equipment is not required, unless there is a need for persons to approach the overhead line equipment, in which case, a
Permit to Work must be issued. If possible, the Electrification Engineer must arrange for a competent person to
accompany the machine during snow blowing. Care must be taken to minimise snow settling on the equipment or
structures associated with the overhead line equipment.
The ploughs will be under the charge of a Network Rail Operations Department Representative.




April 2010                                                       85
