Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6

Depot Yard Coordinator’s office - local panel - The signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre will request a release for
movements proceeding to the Carriage sidings or the depot. The Yard Coordinator must not operate the appropriate slot
key switch to the OFF position unless he is satisfied that it is safe to do so and permission has not been given for a
conflicting movement to be made.
Should it not be possible to operate the slot switch when required, or give permission for an incoming movement to be
made, the Yard Coordinator must advise the signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre of the circumstances.
In the event of a failure of the appropriate slot key switch, verbal permission must be given by Yard Coordinator to the
signaller for the movement to proceed, provided the above conditions apply.
A record must be maintained of failures of equipment, and any other exceptional circumstances.
                                                                                                            Dated: 19/07/10

SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
FALKIRK HIGH)
Bo ness GF
Trains may only proceed towards the Scottish Railway Preservation Society’s private line subject to a maximum train
length, including locomotive(s), of 790 feet. Drivers must stop on the Network Rail side of the boundary gate at the double
- sided notice board (worded 'Stop Await Instructions' for movements to the SRPS) and act under the instructions of the
SRPS representative.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
FALKIRK HIGH)
Cadder (East end) To Cadder (West end)
If a track circuit fails on the Down Arrival or Down Departure line, the person in charge of each movement proceeding to
the yard must advise the signaller at Cowlairs SC when the train has passed beyond the notice board, into the yard area,
complete with tail lamp. The telephone at signal CG508 (Down Arrival) or CE511 (Down Departure) must be used for this
purpose.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
FALKIRK HIGH)
Between Edinburgh Park Station and Haymarket Station
EDINBURGH TRAM LINES ADJACENT TO NETWORK RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE
General
Edinburgh tram lines run adjacent to Network Rail infrastructure between Edinburgh Park station and Haymarket Station
from 42 miles 14 chains to 46 miles 0 chains. All operations on the tram lines are controlled by the Edinburgh Tram
Control Room. There is no physical connection between the Edinburgh tram lines and Network Rail infrastructure. Trams
run at a maximum speed of 45kph (approximately 30mph) but are driven on sight – the trams can stop within the distance
the driver can see to be clear.
Tram signals, consisting of five white lights displayed horizontally or vertically, may be exhibited on tram lines but these
have no meaning for train drivers on Network Rail infrastructure and must be disregarded.
Overhead electrification
The Edinburgh tram lines are electrified by an overhead line system energised at 750 volts DC. The overhead line
equipment must be regarded as live and dangerous at all times. No part of a person’s body, clothing, or any equipment
being used or carried, may be allowed to come within 2.75 metres (9 feet) of any part of the overhead line equipment.
Emergency action
If it is necessary to stop the passage of trams due to an obstruction on the tram lines, or if it is necessary to request that
the overhead line equipment is switched off in an emergency, the Edinburgh Tram Control Room must be contacted by the
quickest means possible.
The Edinburgh Tram Control Room can be contacted on 0131 622 8969
All persons contacting the Control Room by telephone must follow the normal safety critical communications shown in the
railway industry GE/RT8000 Rule Book.
                                                                                                            Dated: 14/12/13



October 2009                                                  54
