                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4



       SC061 - SHIELDS JN TO PAISLEY CANAL
       DUMBRECK To CORKERHILL

       CORKERHILL CSMD

       Corkerhill Depot is one of the primary locations for maintenance and repair of ScotRail’s DMU fleet.
       Rail vehicles enter Corkerhill Depot via the controlled signal S1.
       Rail vehicles leave Corkerhill Depot via signal G598.
       The points and signals to enter and exit the depot are controlled by the signaller.
       All rail vehicle movements within the boundary of Corkerhill Depot are made under the control of the Yard Co-ordinator
       and Depot Operations staff and are recorded on the Depot Radio system. All points within the boundary of Corkerhill
       Depot are manually operated by Depot Operations staff.
       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within the Depot boundaries is 5mph, reduced to 2mph through the Carriage
       Wash.There are 17 Roads within Corkerhill Depot Boundary.
       Yard
       Requests to access rail vehicles stabled outside of the Maintenance, Cleaning Sheds, etc (i.e. in the Yard) must be made
       either, via the Designated Person to the Yard Coordinator over the Depot Radio system or made directly with the Yard Co-
       ordinator.
       Road/Siding   Use
       1 Maint       L5 Maintenance
       2 Maint       L1-4 Maintenance
       3 Maint       L1-4 Maintenance
       Underframe Wash
                     Underframe Wash
       1 Cleaning    Train Presentation activities
       2 Cleaning    Train Presentation activities
       3 Cleaning    Train Presentation activities
       4 Cleaning    Train Presentation activities
       Loco Fuel RoadFuelling, CET
       1 Reception   Fuelling, CET, Carriage Wash
       2 Reception   Fuelling, CET, Carriage Wash
       3 Reception   CET, Carriage Wash
       1 Sidings     Stabling
       2 Sidings     Stabling
       Tank Road     Stabling
       1 Departure   Departure road
       2 Departure   Departure Road
       The buffer end stop at Corkerhill Station boundary is known as the head shunt.
       There is an authorised walking route partly running alongside the Loco Fuel Road and a number of crossing points
       situated in the yard. This allows for access to carrying out tanking duties and sand replenishment.
       Facilities
       The person responsible for protection inside the Maintenance Shed is the Designated Person who is identified by an
       orange armband bearing the letters ‘DP’ in black.
       1 Maintenance
         1. Level 1-4 maintenance work is undertaken in this area.
         2. Persons working on the road in 1 Maintenance must apply their personal issue padlock to the Depot Protection
            Panel for the road.
         3. This shed has a raised rail.
       2 Maintenance and 3 Maintenance
         1. Level 1-4 maintenance activities are undertaken in 2 Maintenance and 3 Maintenance.
         2. Level 5 activities are undertaken in the West End of 3 Maintenance Shed.
         3. Persons working in either 2 Maintenance or 3 Maintenance must apply their personal issue padlock to the Depot
            Protection Panel for the road.
         4. There is use of an overhead crane in the West End of 3 Maintenance Shed.




       October 2009                  80
