                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC3




       SC035 - BANK JN TO KNOCKSHINNOCH (GOODS LINE)
       Entire Line Of Route

       KNOCKSHINNOCH

       Working Arrangements
       1.When a train for the disposal point has arrived at the stop board at Connel Park Level Crossing, the person in charge
         of the movement must telephone the BC bunker plant operator and request permission to enter the disposal point.
         On receiving permission, the person in charge of the movement must then proceed on foot to signal No.10, set the
         points for the loading bunker, check that the derailer is clear of the rail and signal No.10 is exhibiting a proceed
         aspect. He must then proceed back to the level crossing and open the gates.
       2.The driver, on receipt of the proceed signal from the person in charge of the movement must move the train forward
         at 3mph into the disposal point past No.10 signal and bring his train to a stand at the notice board worded STOP
         ENGAGE SLOW SPEED CONTROL located at the approach to the rail weight sensor. The person in charge of the
         movement must close the level crossing gates when the last wagon has passed clear of the level crossing into the
         disposal point.
       3.When the driver receives the appropriate aspect to draw forward he must ensure that the barriers at the level crossing
         at the loading bunker are across the road before proceeding. The train must then be moved to the loading position at
         3mph.
       4.When loading operations are to commence, the MGR signals will be illuminated by the bunker operating personnel
         who will thereafter control the signals according to the movement required.
       5.The leading 4 wagons are loaded in a stationary position while the remaining wagons are loaded on the move at
         3mph. When the last wagon has been loaded the train will be stopped clear of the bunker.
       6.If during loading, it is necessary for the train to set-back, the necessary aspect will be displayed. On no account must
         the locomotives be allowed to re-enter the bunker during the loading operation.
       7.The person in charge of the movement must then reverse the points at No.10 signal for a movement from the
         rounding line and operate the derailer by means of the lever handle provided. He must then proceed along the train
         examining the wagon discharge doors and apply half of the wagon brakes on the train. The locomotives must be
         uncoupled by the person in charge of the movement who must instruct the driver to move to the headshunt. The
         facing points lever at the headshunt end of the rounding line must be held over by the person in charge of the
         movement before allowing the locomotives to proceed from the headshunt to the rounding line.
       8.On receiving instructions from the person in charge of the movement, the driver must move the locomotives from the
         headshunt and proceed at 3mph along the rounding line bringing the locomotives to a stand on the Bank Jn side of
         signal No.10.
       9.When the locomotives are at a stand at signal No.10 the person in charge of the movement must set the handpoints
         at the departure end of the bunker line to give access to the bunker and also remove the derailer.
       10. When signal No.10 displays a proceed aspect the locomotives must proceed on to the end of the train at the south
         side of the bunker and be recoupled by the person in charge of the movement.
       11. The person in charge of the movement must proceed along the train releasing the wagon hand brakes and an air
         brake continuity test must be carried out.
       12. The person in charge of the movement must then advise the bunker operator when this has been carried out and
         must then proceed on foot to Connel Park Level Crossing.
       13. The driver, on receiving a proceed aspect must move the train forward towards Connel Park Level Crossing at a
         speed not exceeding 3mph and be prepared to stop short of the gates. If it is necessary to set back the train during
         this movement, the appropriate aspects will be displayed.
       14. The person in charge of the movement must open the level crossing gates when the train is approaching No.8 signal.
         The train must not exceed 3 mph down the branch line and must come to a stand at the board worded CLEAR OF
         LEVEL CROSSING.
       15. The person in charge of the movement must then close the level crossing gates and phone the railweight bunker
         operator to confirm that the train is clear of the disposal point and obtain confirmation the weighing has been
         successfully completed before rejoining the train.


                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                 65
