                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4



         8.Within Maintenance Building 1, 7 Road is fitted with a synchronous lifting jack system and a bogie drop and is
           primarily used for level 5 maintenance activities.
       Maintenance Building 2
         1.Each road in Maintenance Building 2 has OLE at the West end, capacity 6 rail vehicles. There is no OLE at the
           East end of these roads. 8, 9 and 10 roads in this section each have a capacity of 2 rail vehicles.
         2.Persons working on a road within Maintenance Building 2 must apply their personal issue padlock to the Depot
           Protection Panel for the relevant road.
         3.In the OLE section of Maintenance Building 2 scheduled level 1 to 4 maintenance activities are undertaken.
         4.The non-OLE section is fitted with an overhead crane, lifting jack capability and a capstan (10 road only) and is
           primarily used for level 5 maintenance activities. When this section is in use, rail stops separating this section
           from the OLE section are raised. Persons working in the area can apply their personal issue padlock to the raised
           rail stop instead of the Depot Protection Panel at the building entrance.
       Maintenance Building 3
         1.There is no OLE within MB3.
         2.Persons working on 12 road within Maintenance Building 3 login to the road by means of a personal datakey.
         3.Maintenance Building 3 is fitted with a wheel lathe system and overhead crane. Rail vehicles out-with ScotRail’s
           EMU fleet will also attend Maintenance Building 3 for wheel maintenance.
       Overhead Line Equipment (OLE)
         4.All roads within the boundaries of Shields Depot are supplied with OLE.
         5.All roads within Maintenance Building 1 and Maintenance Building 2 can have their OLE isolated.
         6.A local isolation must be taken if the feet of a person working in the area will be above cab floor level on the
           exterior of a rail vehicle.
         7.The isolation is undertaken by a local Nominated Person
         8.Section 7A of road 7 where the underframe wash pit is situated can also have its OLE isolated. This is the only
           local isolation that can be applied by local Nominated Persons out-with Maintenance Building 1 and Maintenance
           Building 2.
       Rail Vehicle Movements Into/ Out of Maintenance Buildings
       Where reference is made in the following instructions to a movement into/ out of a Maintenance Building, this must also be
       understood to include a rail vehicle movement towards the underframe wash pit.
         9.When required to move vehicles into a Maintenance Building on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal
           situated on the approach to the Maintenance Building doors on the siding concerned.
         10. The shunter must press the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at
           a stand at the signal. If the Designated Person has removed all the protection inside the Maintenance Building,
           opened the Maintenance Building doors and lowered the derailer, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The
           driver may then proceed with the movement as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for
           persons or obstructions.
         11. If after the plunger has been pressed the Maintenance Building doors remain closed and the signal continues to
           display a stop aspect, the shunter must request the Designated Person to remove the protection. When this has
           been done, the shunter must again press the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The
           movement may then proceed as far as the line is clear.
         12. A movement out of a Maintenance Building must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the
           Maintenance Building door is showing a proceed aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A
           movement must only proceed as far as the line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train
           is not within the Maintenance Building in which case the shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the
           Maintenance Building exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.




       October 2009                 79A
