                                                             OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10




SC151 - PORTOBELLO TO LEITH SOUTH YARD (GOODS LINE)
Baileyfield GF

Engineer’s sdg - The ground frame lever, when set for entry to the yard, operates Yodalarms. The alarms will continue to
sound even though the train has been ‘shut in’ at the ground frame. To silence the alarms, it will be necessary for the
person in charge to press the alarm cancel plunger provided, after restoring the ground frame to normal.
The person in charge of the movement must remove the metal slipper scotches which are fitted to the line approx 30 feet
ahead of the run off points prior to arrival / departure of the train.
The person in charge of the movement must replace the metal slipper scotches after the arrival / departure of the train.
Shunting - A road vehicle may be used to shunt rail vehicles within the depot provided the undernoted conditions are
complied with :-
1.   Not more than 2 rail vehicles may be moved at any one time. The term ‘2 rail vehicles ‘ must be taken to mean 1
     bogie rail wagon and 1 runner wagon.
4.   Propelling must only be carried out with the runner wagon at the leading end of the movement.
5.   Such movements must be confined within the siding(s) designated for use by the S&C Depot.
6.   Movements must be made at a speed not exceeding walking pace.
7.   The person in charge of the movement will be responsible for ensuring that the provisions of the Rule Book, Module
     SS2, so far as they apply, are carried out.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06

SC151 - PORTOBELLO TO LEITH SOUTH YARD (GOODS LINE)
Leith South Yard

Leith South yard - Drivers of trains requiring to enter Leith South yard must bring their train to a stand at the Stop board
on the Portobello side of Seafield level crossing, and await permission from the person in charge of the movement to pass
over the level crossing and enter the yard. If the person in charge of the movement is not accompanying the train, the
driver must await his arrival at this Stop board. If the person in charge of the movement does not arrive within ten minutes
of the train being brought to a stand, the driver must communicate with the signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre, and
explain the circumstances, taking care to state the position of his train.
The signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre must arrange for EW&S Freight Control to be advised of the situation. The
driver must wait for either the person in charge of the movement to arrive, or, for instructions from an EW&S
representative and must keep the signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre advised accordingly.
The person in charge of the movement must not give permission for a train to proceed aver Seafield level crossing from
either direction unless he has closed and secured the gates against the roadway.
The normal position of the level crossing gates is across the railway and they must be kept in this position until it is
necessary to close them against the roadway for the passage of trains.
The person in charge of the movement must advise the signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre when a train is ready to
depart from Leith South yard. The person in charge of the movement must not arrange to close the gates at Seafield level
crossing until signal EP616 has been cleared for the movement to proceed.
Regulations for train working by locomotive at Leith Docks –

Drivers, shunters and others must strictly comply with these regulations :-
a)   That these regulations and conditions shall extend and apply to the whole of the railway lines on the quays, piers and
     bridges of the harbour and docks of Leith, and elsewhere within the bounds of the said harbour and docks (to
     whomsoever belonging), and to every description of traffic thereon.
b)   That only suitable and approved locomotives shall be used in the conduct of traffic on the lines
c)   That the superintendent of the harbour and docks may issue, from time to time and as authorised by the Forth Ports
     Authority, signed directions relating to all or any of the following matters, viz -
     (i)   The length of trains on the said lines or on any specified part or parts thereof;
     (ii) The stopping or standing of locomotives or trains at any specified place or position on the said lines;
     (iii) The periods during which any of such directions shall be in force; and
     (iv) Any matters consequential to the regulations of the foregoing matters.




October 2009                                                    53
