                                                              OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15



SC205 – DINGWALL TO KYLE OF LOCHALSH
DINGWALL TO GARVE
Working by special authority card - If the radio fails in the leading cab of a train requiring to proceed from Inverness to
Dingwall to Garve or Garve to Dingwall, the rear cab radio must be used. The issue of a 'Long Section' token Dingwall to
Garve or Garve to Dingwall by the rear cab is authorised.
                                                                                                          Dated: 30/01/16


SC205 - DINGWALL TO KYLE OF LOCHALSH
STROMEFERRY TEP To KYLE OF LOCHALSH TEP

Single line block section - The Down direction single line block section is defined as the line between the stop board at
Stromeferry and the designated line buffer stop at Kyle of Lochalsh.
                                                                                                          Dated: 24/04/22

SC205 - DINGWALL TO KYLE OF LOCHALSH
KYLE OF LOCHALSH TEP
Station Limits - Station Limits is defined as the line between the Station Limits board and the buffer stops.
Joining and splitting of trains - The following arrangements apply:-
Joining - The first train to enter the platform must be brought to a stand at the far
end of the station and return the token. The second train will be issued with an
'Occupied' token at Stromeferry and the driver reminded, when being given
permission to proceed, that the platform line is occupied. In the event of a failure of
all cab equipment in the second train, a special authority card may be used provided
clause (a) on the special authority card is endorsed 'Occupied'.
Splitting - Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must
be entered in the system.
After the first train has loop cleared, and after receiving permission from the
Signaller, the rear train may draw forward to the stop board provided station duties
have been completed, all is in order for the train to commence the movement and
the conductor has sent the bell / buzzer code 6, to the driver. Before requesting a
token to proceed, the driver must advise the signaller that he is at a stand at the stop
board.
If only one radio is operational on the train, it may be split. If all radios are nonoperational
but the radio / signalling system is still in working order in the Kyle of
Lochalsh area, the train must not be split but proceed to Inverness in accordance
with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines Worked by Radio
Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out
Engineering Work and Others Concerned.
If splitting requires to take place during the period of a failure of the radio / signalling
system affecting all trains in the Kyle of Lochalsh area, prior to the introduction of
RETB Working by Pilotman, each portion may be allowed to proceed from Kyle of
Lochalsh in accordance with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single
Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews,
Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned.
                                                                                                          Dated: 24/04/22



October 2009                                                     65
