                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC3



       When work is to take place on a train, or a train is standing in a platform line(s) to be protected by the lockout, the person
       requiring the blockage must arrange to provide protection on the train / vehicles as shown in Section 6 of the Rule Book,
       Module T10, Duties of a designated person (DP) and people working on rail vehicles.
           Method of Protection
       Imposing the blockage
       When it is necessary to block a platform line to protect staff, the following procedure must be carried out:
       (a)  Before work starts, the permission of the signaller must be obtained by telephone from the appropriate lockout
       cabinet by the person requiring the blockage. If the signaller is satisfied that the working of the station will not be unduly
       disrupted, he will give the person requiring the blockage a task number.
       (b) The person requiring the blockage must:
         • unlock the appropriate lockfast cabinet
         • telephone the signaller giving his name, employing organisation and the task number he has been given
         • ask for the appropriate platform blockage
         • tell the signaller for how long this will be required
       The signaller will record this detail.
       (c)  When the signaller is able to grant the blockage, a green indication in the cabinet will illuminate and the person
       requiring protection must press the button and, simultaneously, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet. If the
       green indication has extinguished, the person requiring protection must:
         • confirm to the signaller that the lockout key is in his possession
         • ask the signaller to read him the entry he has made and, if satisfied this is correct, repeat his name and
           employing organisation and task number allocated.
         • relock the cabinet.
       (d)  If the signaller cannot agree to giving the release when, or soon after, requested, he will advise the person
       requiring protection as to when the work can be allowed to commence.
       Method of Protection
           During the work
       The lockout key must be retained in the personal possession of the person who requested the blockage until returned to
       the cabinet.
           When work is completed
       (a)  When the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the line, the person who requested protection must
       advise the signaller accordingly, repeating his name, employing organisation and task number. When instructed by the
       signaller, the person who requested protection must insert the lockout key and turn the key in the direction indicated on
       the label in the lockout unit. The person who requested the protection must get the permission of the signaller to relock the
       cabinet.
       (b)  The person requesting lockout protection must, normally, be the same individual who completes the work and
       gives up the protection. In exceptional circumstances, the person requesting lockout protection may hand over to a relief
       provided he advises the signaller the name and employing organisation of his relief, and quotes the task number to the
       signaller.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




       SC035 - BANK JN TO KNOCKSHINNOCH (GOODS LINE)
       Greenburn Jn

       If a train is detained at signal number NG51/53 awaiting authority to proceed, the driver must immediately contact the
       signaller. Section 1.1 of Rule Book, Module S4, Trains or shunting movements detained, or vehicles left, on running lines
       is modified accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




       October 2009                  63
