                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15




       SC207 - GEORGEMAS JN TO THURSO
       THURSO TEP

       Station Limits - Station Limits is defined as the line between the Station Limits board and the buffer stops.
       Dock line - The Dock line must not be used for passenger traffic.
                                                           Dated: 08/11/08

       SC207 - GEORGEMAS JN TO THURSO
       Entire Line Of Route

       Automatic Warning System - Referring to the Rule Book, Handbook RS/521 Section 1.5, Cancelling indicators are not
       provided.
       Special authority cards - Cancelled special authority cards referred to in clause 4.1 and 6.2 of the instructions Single
       Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
       Work and Others Concerned must be left at the signing off point.
       Level crossings - The person in charge of any Engineer’s self-propelled On-Track machine or Road-Rail vehicle
       travelling over the above lines of route must ensure that the road warning lights at automatic level crossings are
       illuminated before proceeding over the crossing. If necessary, technical support to initiate the road traffic light sequence
       must accompany the machine / vehicle. Similarly, no automatic crossing must be left with a “stored failure” due to a
       machine / vehicle not operating the strike out track circuits / treadles. Technical support must be available to reset any
       crossing so affected.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13


       SC207 – GEORGEMAS JN TO THURSO
       BRANCH
       Working by special authority card - If the radio fails in the leading cab of a train requiring to proceed from Georgemas
       Jn to Thurso, the rear cab radio must be used. The issue of a 'Long Section' token Georgemas Jn to Thurso by the rear
       cab is authorised.

                                                           Dated: 30/01/16




       October 2009                 67
