                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10




       SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
       Craigentinny

       High Speed Trains arriving in No.1 or 2 Reception / Departure line, requiring to fuel, must be brought to a stand with the
       centre of the driving cab in line with ‘H’ stopping marker.
       The Inspection shed, Maintenance shed and Heavy Repair shed must be considered to be sidings set apart for the
       purpose of carrying out repairs and the instructions contained in the Rule Book, Module T10 be observed.
       Repair, Inspection, Maintenance & Cleaning Sheds -

       Movements to and from Sheds
       Where reference is made in the following instructions to ‘designated person’, this means the person responsible for
       protection inside the Sheds concerned, who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters ‘DP’ in black.
       1.When required to move vehicles into the Shed on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal situated on the
         approach to the Shed doors.
       2.The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at a
         stand at the signal. If the designated person has removed all the protection inside the Shed, opened the Shed doors
         and lowered the wheel stops, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed with the movement
         as far as the line is clear, keeping a good look out at all times for persons or obstructions.
       3.If, after the plunger has been depressed, the Shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to display a stop
         aspect, the shunter must request the designated person to remove the protection. When this has been done, the
         shunter must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement may then
         proceed as far as the line is clear.
       4.To enable a movement to be made out of a shed, the shunter must depress the plunger mounted below the signal.
         The movement must not be started unless the signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect or the conditions
         detailed in Clause 6 have been met.

         A movement must only proceed as far as the line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the
         locomotive is not within the Shed in which case the shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit
         signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
       5.No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect during failure and then only
         under direct supervision of the designated person.
       6.If the signals into or out of a shed fail when a movement is required, the vehicle must stop at the signal and must only
         proceed as far as the line is clear, after the designated person has personally advised the driver and shunter that the
         protection has been removed, and the stop aspect signal may be passed.
       Sounding of horns at night - Drivers must not sound their horns within the Depot Boundary between the hours of
       midnight and 06 00, except to give warning of danger or when absolutely necessary in connection with working
       movements.
       Reception/Departure Lines

       Illuminated stop boards are provided at the East end of Nos. 1 and 2 Reception / Departure lines. Incoming trains must
       not pass these boards unless authorised by the chargeman or person in charge.
       An illuminated stop board is provided at the West end of the By-pass line. Westbound movements must not pass this
       board unless authorised by the chargeman or person in charge.
       Ingoing movements
       Ingoing trains to the depot will normally be signalled to No.1 or No.2 Reception / Departure line.
       Should, however, it be necessary to run trains to either No.3 or No.4 Departure line, the signaller at Edinburgh signalling
       centre has instructions that, before clearing the respective signals, he will first obtain the permission of the yard
       supervisor, by telephone, requesting the line to which the train is to be run.
       Yard bothy signal panel
       The signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre will inform the panel operator, by telephone, when a train for the depot is
       approaching the East depot line.
       The panel operator must inform the signaller at Edinburgh signalling centre, by telephone, when a train is ready to depart
       onto the East Depot line towards Portobello, giving the train number of the train concerned.




       October 2009                 47
