Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




SNOW CLEARANCE ARRANGEMENTS
Referring to the restrictions in the Rule Book, Module M3, the following additional instructions apply within Scotland: -
The following list of equipment, ploughs and procedures are authorised for use on Network Rail Scotland Route
infrastructure: -
•   Independent Snow Ploughs (operated by DB Schenker)
•   Beilhack Patrol Ploughs (operated by DB Schenker)
•   Beilhack Self Propelled Rotary Snow Blower Machines (operated by Babcock Rail)
•   Miniature Snow Ploughs
•   Winter working protection arrangements
Note ; The infrastructure maintainer must accompany the independent and Beilhack ploughs detailed above.
Detailed arrangements for each are as follows
1. Independent Snow Ploughs.

The plough may be allowed to work over all main running lines in Scotland. When ploughing, the locomotive(s) is
authorised to propel over all routes (the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 26 refers).
Before passing over the following bridges the plough must be stopped and examined to ensure that the adjustable spade
blade is not less than 4 1/2 inches above the rail and the rear snowploughs not less than 6 inches above the rail, and if
necessary, adjustment made to obtain that clearance. The skids must also be raised before passing over any of these
bridges.
         Calder Viaduct situated between Wishaw Central and Holytown
         Viaduct No. 149 at Tyndrum
         Forth Bridge
         South Esk Viaduct, Montrose
         Cowie Den Viaduct, Stonehaven
         Elsich Viaduct, Newtonhill
         Findhorn Viaduct situated between Inverness and Aviemore
The normal formation of a snowplough train should be 2 independent Snow Ploughs separated by 2 main line diesel
locomotives. Where 2 locomotives are provided these must be working in multiple.
The plough may be coupled to any type of locomotive permitted to work over the lines concerned.
Each plough is provided with an emergency draw bar for use when parking in sidings but at all other times it must be
coupled to the locomotive by the screw coupling provided.
Drivers are responsible for seeing that the air brake, where provided, is coupled and operative on the plough.
Retractable side flaps and adjustable skids must be locked in the retracted position and adjustable front spade plates kept
fully raised except when required for actual ploughing operations and then only on the authority of the Track Engineer’s
representative who must accompany the plough.
When ploughing, the locomotive and plough must also be accompanied by a traction supervisor who will be responsible
for the proper working of the locomotive and plough. In addition the train must be accompanied by a Rolling Stock
Technician.
When ploughing is in progress no train must be allowed to occupy the section concerned on an opposite or adjoining line
and the following procedure must be carried out :-
•   The signaller at the box where the snow plough is about to enter the section to be cleared must, before signalling the
    snow plough forward, ensure that any opposite or adjoining running lines is clear of traffic, the block indicators (where
    provided) for such lines are in the normal position and in addition advise the signaller at the box in advance the line on
    which the snow plough will travel.
•   Where the opposite or adjoining running line is not worked under the Block system, the snowplough must not be
    signalled forward until such opposite or adjoining line is clear throughout.




April 2010                                                   83
