                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC2



       SC001 - GRETNA JN TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA BEATTOCK)
       Polmadie

       Down sidings

       The operations co-ordinator is responsible for all movements to and from the sidings. The signaller at West of Scotland SC
       will inform the operations co-ordinator when an incoming movement destined for the sidings is approaching and obtain
       permission for the movement to enter the sidings.
       On receipt of this advice, in the case of a train approaching from the Rutherglen direction, the operations co-ordinator
       must inform the signaller to which siding the train is to be run.
       For movements to No.1 or No.2 Through siding, the operations co-ordinator must ensure that the security compound
       gates are open before permission is given for the movement to proceed towards the sidings.
       In the case of shunting movements at the Glasgow end of Nos.1, 2 or 3 Through sidings, before the operations co-
       ordinator authorises any movement to enter the sidings, the responsible person must ensure all hand points facing to the
       movement are set and correctly fitting for the movement, after each movement has been completed, the operations co-
       ordinator must inform the signaller as to the state of the siding concerned, whether occupied or clear.
       The operations co-ordinator must advise the signaller when an outgoing movement from the Glasgow end of the sidings is
       ready to depart, giving the class of the train and its destination and, in addition, in the case of a light locomotive, the train
       that it is proceeding to work.
       POLMADIE CARRIAGE SERVICING AND MAINTENANCE DEPOT

       Blockage of lines to electric trains - Polmadie CSMD is specially nominated in accordance with NR/BS/LI/131 3.2.2.b.
       Reception Roads - Ingoing trains will normally be signalled to No.1, 2 or 3 Reception roads.
       When it is necessary to signal a train into an occupied Reception road, the signaller at West of Scotland SC will, before
       clearing the relative signal, obtain the permission of the operations co-ordinator, by telephone. The operations co-ordinator
       must, before giving permission, confirm that there is sufficient room for the train to be dealt with.
       Movements must not be permitted from the Washing Plant road into any of the Reception roads, except for light
       locomotives which require to be attached to trains already occupying a Reception road. Any other movements from the
       washing plant road into any of the reception roads must only be made once a blockage of No.1, 2 or 3 reception roads is
       obtained from the Signaller at the West of Scotland Signalling Centre (WSSC)
       Reception Roads Level Crossing - The gates of the level crossing are normally secured across the roadway. The
       operations co-ordinator must arrange for the gates to be opened for the roadway in conjunction with the signaller at West
       of Scotland SC as outlined below.
       The level crossing gates must not be opened for the roadway until the permission of the signaller at West of Scotland SC
       has been obtained, by telephone. After permission has been obtained for the gates to be opened for the roadway, the
       signaller at West of Scotland SC must be informed immediately the level crossing is again clear and the gates have been
       replaced and secured across the roadway.
       In the event of permission not being obtained for the crossing to be opened for the roadway, the signaller at West of
       Scotland SC will inform the operations co-ordinator the reason permission has not been granted and the operations co-
       ordinator must repeat the request at short intervals.
       Should an obstruction occur which fouls any of the Reception roads, the signaller at West of Scotland SC must be
       immediately informed, by telephone. The operations co-ordinator must, thereafter, act in accordance with any instructions
       given to him by the signaller.
       In the event of a telephone failure, the signaller at West of Scotland SC must be immediately informed of the
       circumstances.
       During the time the telephone is out of order, the level crossing gates must not be opened for the roadway unless an
       alternative telephone is available for the operations co-ordinator to communicate with the signaller at West of Scotland SC.
       In this case, the operations co-ordinator must explain the circumstances to the signaller at West of Scotland SC, and
       reach a clear understanding before requesting permission to open the gates.
       Protection of staff other than in the Maintenance Shed - Specially hinged ‘STOP’ boards, or portable tripod gates, and
       manually operated wheel stops are provided as specified below to afford the necessary protection to staff when working
       on the undernoted roads/sidings:-
       Departure sidings Nos 1 - 4 (no wheel stops) stop boards only.
       Heavy Repair Depot roads Nos 10 - 15 (no wheel stops) stop boards only. North end.
       Heavy Repair Depot roads Nos 16 - 17 manual wheel stops and stop boards. North end.




       October 2009                 77
