                                                            OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4



     • tell the signaller for how long this will be required
The signaller will record this detail.
(c)       When the signaller is able to grant the blockage, a green indication in the cabinet will illuminate and the person
requiring protection must press the button and, simultaneously, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet. If the
green indication has extinguished, the person requiring protection must:
     • confirm to the signaller that the lockout key is in his possession
     • ask the signaller to read him the entry he has made and, if satisfied this is correct, repeat his name and
           employing organisation and task number allocated.
     • relock the cabinet.
(d)        If the signaller cannot agree to giving the release when, or soon after, requested, he will advise the person
requiring protection as to when the work can be allowed to commence.
Method of Protection
During the work
The lockout key must be retained in the personal possession of the person who requested the blockage until returned to
the cabinet.
When work is completed
(a)       When the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the line, the person who requested protection must
advise the signaller accordingly, repeating his name, employing organisation and task number. When instructed by the
signaller, the person who requested protection must insert the lockout key and turn the key in the direction indicated on
the label in the lockout unit. The person who requested the protection must get the permission of the signaller to relock the
cabinet.
(b)        The person requesting lockout protection must, normally, be the same individual who completes the work and
gives up the protection. In exceptional circumstances, the person requesting lockout protection may hand over to a relief
provided he advises the signaller the name and employing organisation of his relief, and quotes the task number to the
signaller.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/12/13

SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
Gower Street To HILLINGTON EAST

Protection of staff by lockout – Lockouts are provided throughout this area as follows

Lockout (9130) will be provided on the Up Ayr line between Gower Street at 1m 40ch and the approach to Hillington west
station at 4m 00ch. This lockout will have four trackside lockout devices provided as detailed below. In addition to
providing a full lockout on the Up Ayr line this lockout will also inhibit wrong direction moves on both the Down Ayr and Up
Gourock lines.

    Lockout Cabinet                 Telephone                                  Protects
 Device A                    At cabinet
 Down Ayr cess at                                         Up Ayr Line between signals
 Academy park                At cabinet                   GS5873 and GS5923
 Device B                                                 &
 Up Gourock cess at          At cabinet                   Down Ayr Line between signals
 Ibrox                                                    GS5871 and GS5921
 Device C                    At cabinet                   PROHIBITS BI-DIRECTIONAL MOVES
 Down Ayr cess at
 Cardonald Station
 Device D
 Up Gourock cess at
 Hillington East

The above lockouts are of the “key enabled” type. Keys are issued personally to the appropriate staff that are required to
operate of these lockouts. To activate any of these lockouts, the COSS must reach a clear understanding with the
signaller at West of Scotland Signalling Centre.

The lockout protection may be obtained, and given up, at any of the cabinet locations listed for the lockout concerned.

It is important to ensure that, if the lockout protection is given up at a different location from which is was obtained; the
correct lockout unit must be used. The COSS must ensure the key is removed when the protection is given up.

                                                                                                              Dated: 19/07/11




October 2009                                                   74
