Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




HAULAGE OF ELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVES AND
ELECTRIC MULTIPLE UNITS OVER NON-ELECTRIFIED
ROUTES
All routes within Scotland Route, except Auchmuty to Markinch sidings GF (Goods line), are cleared for the
haulage of electric locomotives and electric multiple units with pantographs lowered and isolated.

Note - where a Class 320 electric multiple unit is involved, the movement must not exceed 40mph.

                                                                                  Scotland Route GI - Dated: 30/01/16



INFRASTRUCTURE MONITORING TRAINS
Network Rail own a fleet of specially adapted Infrastructure Monitoring vehicles which operate frequently on
most lines on all Network Rail routes, these vehicles are painted yellow and carry Network Rail logos. Trains
with these vehicles in them generally operate with a ‘Q’ headcode so as to denote that they are line specific.

During movements, these vehicles can emit a powerful underframe light source which could be mistakenly
identified as a binding brake or sparks being emitted from the bogies, and as such, does not require to be
reported to the controlling Signaller. However, if in any doubt, then normal operating procedures should be
applied.


                                                                                  Scotland Route GI - Dated: 18/04/15


LADDER RAIL TROLLEYS
A number of trolleys have been fitted with extending ladders to facilitate the adjusting of electrification overhead
equipment. These trolleys when being used on running lines will be dealt with in accordance with the Rule Book, Module
T2.
                                                                              Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


LIGHTING AND EXTINGUISHING OF SIGNAL LAMPS
Shunting Signals
At places where shunting operations are seldom carried out after dark, the lamps of ground shunting signals need not be
lit, but the lamps of such signals must be kept in readiness for use so that if the circumstances require the lamps to be lit
this can be done. Should it be necessary for a shunting movement to be made during darkness at places where there are
no lights in the ground signals, the competent person must see that the signal is cleared before any movement is made
over points to which such signals apply.
                                                                              Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




April 2010                                                60B
