Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11




SC183 - STIRLING TO CHARLESTOWN JN
Longannet SB

West arrival line – Trains requiring to proceed from Kincardine to Scottish Power, Longannet via the West Arrival line
must be brought to a stand short of the hand operated connection Down main to West Arrival line, and the points must be
set by the person in charge of the movement in the required position before proceeding.
Layout and signalling arrangements – Scottish Power, Longannet – The application of the signal worked from the
Scottish Power control room is as follows:-
Hopper entrance signals
NO.      ASPECT             APPLICATION
S1N      Red (Normal)       Stop at this signal
S1S      Yellow             Proceed forward with caution at ½ m.p.h.
Emergency stop signals
S2N
S3N
S4N      Red                Stop immediately even though not at signal
S5N
S6N
         Yellow (Normal) Proceed forward with caution at ½ m.p.h.
S2S
S3S
S4S      Flashing Red       Reverse slowly
S5S
S6S
One way spring points are situated in the following lines:-
North hopper approach line, trailing end of facing connection form East Arrival line, normal line for West Arrival line.
South hopper approach line, trailing end of facing connection form West Arrival line, normal line for East Arrival line.
Working arrangements
1.       (a)      On the hopper approach lines between the inlet signals and signal S1N or S1S, drivers must proceed on
                  the tail-light-ahead working principle at a maximum speed of approximately 5 m.p.h. and between signal
                  S1N and S1S and until the whole of the train is clear of the last lineside unit at ½ m.p.h.
         (b)      The person in charge of the movement must not alight from or rejoin the train unless it is safely clear of
                  the discharge house, the lineside doorclosing gear and latching apperatus.
         (c)      The person in charge of the movement MUST carry out a thorough external examination of the
                  locomotive after discharging has been completed to ensure that no damage has been sustained.
                  This examination must be done immediately after the train is clear of the discharge house. Should any
                  damage have been sustained, Network Rail Route Control must be advised by the most expedient
                  means.
2.       A visual and audiable warning system is provided for each track and is timed to operate for a short period of time
         immediately prior to the appropriate signals S2 to S6 being cleared. This system will give warning when a train
         which has stopped in the hopper area is about to move again.
3.       The C&W examiner will inform the person in charge of the movement of the train concerned the position of any
         cripples on the train and the defective vehicles must be placed in the adjacent cripple siding if the defect cannot
         be remedied on site. If the length of the train is such that cripples in the front portion of the train cannot be
         detached in the adjacent cripple siding, such vehicle(s) must be detached in the opposite cripple siding.
4.       Drivers must exercise great caution when working on the East Arrival, West Arrival and West Departure lines and
         be prepared to stop clear of the level crossings.




October 2009                                                  74
