                                                             OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1



Lifting a blockage
On arrival at the lineside lockout cabinet, when the line is clear and safe for trains to proceed, the COSS must telephone
the signaller and request permission for the blockage to be given up quoting the authority number. The COSS must not
insert the key into the control unit until authorised to do so by the signaller.
i.    for lockouts where the key is obtained from the lockout unit (key captive system)
When the signaller gives the COSS permission to insert the key, the COSS must operate the key switch in the direction
indicated.
ii.   for lockouts where the key is obtained from a separate location (key enabled system)
When the signaller gives the COSS permission to insert the key, the COSS must:
•     insert the lockout key in the switch and turn it to the ‘Operate’ position
•     confirm to the signaller that the correct device has been operated and that the ‘Line Blocked to Traffic’ or ‘Locked Out’
      indication is illuminated
•     request the permission of the signaller to cancel the lockout protection
•     on receipt of this permission, press the ‘Normal’ or ‘Traffic’ button (the ‘Line Blocked to Traffic’ or ‘Locked Out’
      indication will extinguish and the ‘Normal’ or ‘Traffic’ indication will illuminate)
•     turn the lockout key in the switch back to the ‘Normal’ position
•     withdraw the key and confirm to the signaller that the key is in his possession and protection has been withdrawn.
The COSS must request the permission of the signaller before locking the cabinet.
Failure of equipment
The user must advise the signaller of any failure of operation of the lockout unit. If a lockout key is lost or damaged, the
signaller must be immediately advised and, where necessary, all staff must be moved clear of the line within the area of
the lockout.
Failure of equipment
The user must advise the signaller of any failure of operation of the lockout unit. If a lockout key is lost or damaged, the
signaller must be immediately advised and, where necessary, all staff must be moved clear of the line within the area of
the lockout.
                                                                                   Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/07/11

RAILWAY CRIME
All railway staff must be vigilant to railway crime and cable theft, and report any suspicious activity on the operational
railway, or in the area of electrical substations, to the controlling signaller.
Some examples of suspicious activity could be:
      •   Anyone not wearing appropriate PPE, or that do not appear to have a safe system of work.
      •   Anyone not responding to a train drivers warning, or appearing to hide as trains or people approach.
      •   Vehicles that do not have any company markings or logos
      •   Signalling location cabinets with doors open or missing, or troughing lids newly disturbed, with no staff nearby.
      •   People ‘loitering’ in the area of electrical substations.
In such cases, please inform the controlling signaller as quickly as possible giving precise location details. Drivers do not
need to stop their trains immediately to report this, unless they consider it a safety of the line issue.
                                                                                           National GI - Dated: 30/08/2014


RECORDING OF CONVERSATIONS
Telephone calls to Network Rail signal boxes, Electrical Controls and Operations Controls may be recorded for the
purposes of monitoring the quality of safety related information being exchanged and to assist with investigations into
incidents.
                                                                                   Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




April 2010                                                      74
