                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1



       Sub-surface stations - winter working arrangements

       (Sub-surface stations are defined as Glasgow Central Low Level ; Glasgow Queen Street Low Level ; Argyle Street ;
       Anderston ; Charing Cross).
       When it is necessary, during severe weather, to stable empty coaching stock overnight at a sub-surface station, authority
       is given in accordance with the conditions in this instruction provided that the permission of Network Rail Route Control is
       first obtained so that a suitable location can be agreed.
       A maximum of 12 vehicles is permitted in any stabled formation, and a driver/warden must be in attendance at all times at
       any station where vehicles are stabled. Network Rail Route Control must advise the signaller concerned of the
       arrangements.
       Attaching and detaching of stabled vehicles is not permitted in the sub-surface station concerned (except in exceptional
       circumstances with the authority of Network Rail Route Control) and each formation of vehicles for stabling must arrive
       and depart as one train.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 27/12/19


       WAGONS AND VANS TRAVELLING MINUS DOORS
       When a wagon or van minus a door or doors is despatched for repairs, the staff will arrange for two strips of timber to be
       nailed diagonally across the door opening to indicate to signallers and others that the vehicle is in a safe condition.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


       WARNING SIGNS AT ACCESS POINTS
       Warning signs, as described below, are installed throughout Network Rail Scotland at locations which give access to the
       lineside.
       The warning signs are provided as a reminder of the requirement to be aware of the permissible speed of approaching
       trains as shown in the Handbook 1, Section 4.2. Additionally, dependent on the layout of the lines and if it is practical to do
       so, the signs may display the speed which should be used for assessing sighting distance and whether any line is bi-
       directional. The warning signs are installed parallel with the rails so that they face staff entering the lineside at the access
       point.
       It is emphasised that these warning signs do not dispense with the requirements of the Rule Book, Module G2, Section
       6.2.
       Warning signs at access points are not relevant to the running of trains and drivers may ignore the signs.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 19/03/11




       April 2010                   92
