                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11




SC189 - WESTFIELD TO REDFORD JN (GOODS LINE)
Entire Line Of Route

Westfield Opencast Rapid Loading Siding

The loading of trains at Westfield will be undertaken from a concrete loading pad by mechanical shovel tractors and up to
six wagons at a time can be accommodated during loading.
Approximately 60 metres on the loading pad side of the weighbridge is a structure which spans the loading line and upon
which a moveable spreader bar arrangement is mounted for the purpose of ensuring an even level of coal is maintained in
each wagon after loading. The spreader bar will only be brought into use during the loading of CANOPIED MGR
WAGONS. The normal position of the spreader bar is in the raised position and when lowered, an associated double
sided notice board, facing toward both Thornton and the loading pad will be displayed indicating “STOP”.
Operation of the spreader bar is under control of the Spreader Bar Operator who is responsible for lowering and raising as
required.
Drivers of arriving trains must stop at the weighbridge and not proceed toward the loading pad unless the spreader bar is
in the raised position and the “STOP” board is in the horizontal position and no longer visible. If the “STOP” board is
displayed or becomes imperfectly displayed, drivers must not permit their locomotive to pass beneath the spreader bar
until it has been confirmed the spreader bar is in the fully raised position and locked.
Radio equipment supplied by British Coal will be used to control movement of trains during loading and drivers of trains
arriving at Westfield, having previously obtained the radio handset at Thornton yard, will require to stop at the weighbridge
where an initial test transmission with the Disposal Point Operator should be made and which must be preceded by the
words “DRIVER TO DISPOSAL POINT OPERATOR” and which will be acknowledged. STRICT RADIO DISCIPLINE
MUST BE MAINTAINED.
The Disposal Point Operator will be responsible for all aspects of train loading and movements on behalf of British Coal.
Trains will then run forward on the loading line and drivers will be requested to stop by the Disposal Point Operator when
the last six wagons are in position on the loading pad. The locomotive will then be uncoupled and run round utilising the
single line.
Movement of the train over the loading pad will require the Disposal Point Operator to instruct the driver to STOP or
START as required and will not require to be acknowledged by the driver.
The Disposal Point Operator will advise the driver when movement may commence from the loading pad.
When a train comprising CANOPIED MGR WAGONS is being loaded, the spreader bar must be brought into use and at
such point during the loading process when the locomotive has passed beyond the spreader bar, the person in charge of
the movement must indicate to the driver to STOP when the train in such a position when the spreader bar is between the
locomotive and the leading edge of the first wagon. The person in charge of the movement must then advise the
Spreader Bar Operator to lower the spreader bar before the train is again allowed to move forward.
When the train is required to stop for lowering of the spreader bar behind the locomotive, the driver must advise the
Disposal Point Operator “STOPPING TO ENGATE SPREADER BAR” and subsequently advise the Disposal Point
Operator when the train will again move forward.
If a train comprising CANOPIED MGR WAGONS requires to set back to the loading pad during loading, the person in
charge of the movement must, before the driver is instructed to commence such a movement, ensure the Spreader Bar
Operator is advised to raise the spreader bar to avoid contact with the locomotive and subsequently when the spreader
bar must again be lowered for forward movement of the train.
The radio system transmits a constant bleep tone every few seconds between voice transmissions and is an indication
that the system is functioning. Should it become apparent that the radio equipment has ceased to function and cannot be
restored, conventional communications between the person in charge of the movement and the driver must be observed
for movement of the train.
On completion of loading, the Disposal Point Operator will advise the driver to draw forward over the weighbridge for gross
weighing and when this has been satisfactorily concluded, the driver may proceed to Thornton yard where the radio
handset should be given up.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                 78
