                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15
         If the points have been operated to the required position the driver must confirm this to the signaller. The driver
         of a Down direction train must operate the appropriate plunger again, when so instructed by the signaller, and
         must then follow the appropriate instructions under the heading 'Down direction trains'.
         The driver of an Up direction train must report to the signaller whether the 'Points Set' indicator is now
         illuminated, and must then act on the instructions of the signaller. He must not pass the 'Points Set' indicator
         without the verbal permission of the signaller. When such permission is given, before proceeding, the driver must
         relock the lockfast box beside the indicator post and confirm to the signaller that this has been done.
         When the driver of an Up or Down direction train has proceeded over the junction points after the operation of the
         override switch, and the train is clear of both the loop points and the junction points, he must return the override
         switch to the central position, relock the box and confirm to the signaller when this has been done.
e)   Engineers' machines - An engineer's machine which cannot be relied upon to actuate track circuits must not
     proceed over the junction points to / from Foddarty until the override switch has been operated under the instructions
     of the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC.

     Drivers of Down direction machines will be instructed to operate the override switch before operating the appropriate
     plunger.

     Drivers of Up direction machines must stop at the 'Points Set' indicator on the approach to Dingwall, even if it is
     illuminated and act under the instructions of the signaller.

     The override switch must be operated in accordance with the previous instructions under the heading Override
     switch for junction points.
Engineering possessions - If an engineering possession is required between the two single-sided Station Limits boards
between Dingwall and Fodderty, the engineer must be in possession of both the Dingwall / Fodderty 'Engineering' token
and also the Dingwall 'Shunt' token. Before the signaller issues the 'Shunt' token, the engineer must set the junction
points for the branch under the instructions of the signaller, and in accordance with the instructions under the heading
Override switch for junction points. When the 'Shunt' token is returned, the engineer must confirm to the signaller that the
override switch has been returned to the central position, and the box relocked.
CE siding - If a train or engineer's machine requires to depart from the CE siding and proceed over the junction points
towards Evanton or Fodderty, the driver must not proceed past the Down loop stop board until he has operated the
appropriate plunger under the instructions of the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC.
RETB Working by Pilotman - When RETB Working by Pilotman is in operation, a Network Rail Operations Supervisor
must be appointed at Dingwall to control all movements within Station Limits. The Network Rail area operations
supervisor must conduct all trains arriving from Garve or Invergordon from the appropriate Station Limits board and must
be present when any shunting at Dingwall takes place and when trains for Garve or Invergordon depart. The Network Rail
area operations supervisor may also act as Pilotman between Muir of Ord and Dingwall.
Splitting of trains – Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must be entered in the system. A
train must not be split unless each portion has at least one radio in working order.
                                                                                                         Dated: 01/08/2012

SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
DINGWALL TEP To ALNESS

Foulis level crossing - A special speed restriction of 5mph in the Up and Down direction applies between 22 miles
1660 yards and 22 miles 1680 yards, on the approach to the crossing, applicable only to Engineer’s Self-Propelled
On-Track machines. This restriction is associated with problems with the operation of the crossing controls for these
vehicles and is not signed on the ground.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

SC203 – INVERNESS TO WICK
DINGWALL TO INVERGORDON
Working by special authority card - If the radio fails in the leading cab of a train requiring to proceed from Dingwall to
Invergordon or Invergordon to Dingwall, the rear cab radio must be used. The issue of a 'Long Section' token between
Dingwall to Invergordon or Invergordon to Dingwall by the rear cab is authorised.
                                                                                                            Dated: 30/01/16

SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
TAIN TEP

Splitting of trains – Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must be entered in the system. A
train must not be split unless each portion has at least one radio in working order.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

October 2009                                                  60
