                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



       Level 5 Maintenance Facilities
         1. L5 work is undertaken in 9 Rd, 10 Rd and C Rd.
         2. Persons working on a road within facilities where L5 maintenance is undertaken must apply their personal issue
            padlock to the Depot Protection Panel for the relevant road.
         3. DP panel, flashing lights automatic derailer’s.
       Fuelling and Servicing Facilities
         1. Fuelling and Servicing work is undertaken in the Slip Fuel Rd, 3 Rd, 4 Rd and 5 Rd.
         2. Persons working on a road within facilities where fuelling and servicing is undertaken must apply their personal
            issue padlock to the DP panel for the road concerned.
         3. DP panel, flashing lights manual derailer’s and stop boards.
       Carriage Wash Facilities
         1. The carriage wash is situated on “The Washplant” Rd.
         2. No work is undertaken on the exterior of rail vehicles in the carriage wash area.
       Underframe Wash Facilities
         1. Underframe wash work is undertaken in 1 Rd.
         2. Persons undertaking underframe wash work must apply their personal issue padlock to the DP Panel
         3. DP panel, flashing lights automatic derailer’s.
       Overhead Line Equipment (OLE)
         1. There is no OLE within the boundaries of Haymarket Depot.
         2. There is 25KV ac railway OLE infrastructure immediately adjacent to the south boundary of the depot.
         3. There is 750V dc tram OLE infrastructure immediately adjacent to the north boundary of the depot.
       Rail Vehicle Movements Into/ Out of Maintenance Buildings
       The following instructions apply to the maintenance facilities on;
       1 Rd, 2 Rd and 5 to 10 Rds approaching from the East end
       1 Rd and 5 to 8 Rds approaching from the West end.
       A, Rd B Rd and C Rd
         1. When required to move vehicles into a Maintenance Building on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal
            situated on the approach to the Maintenance Building doors on the siding concerned.
         2. The shunter must press the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at
            a stand at the signal. If the Designated Person has removed all the protection inside the Maintenance Building,
            opened the Maintenance Building doors and lowered the derailer, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The
            driver may then proceed with the movement as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for
            persons or obstructions.
         3. If after the plunger has been pressed the Maintenance Building doors remain closed and the signal continues to
            display a stop aspect, the shunter must request the Designated Person to remove the protection. When this has
            been done, the shunter must again press the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The
            movement may then proceed as far as the line is clear.
         4. A movement out of a Maintenance Building must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the
            Maintenance Building door is showing a proceed aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A
            movement must only proceed as far as the line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train
            is not within the Maintenance Building in which case the shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the
            Maintenance Building exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
         5. No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and
            then only under direct supervision of the Designated Person.
         6. The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger.
         7. However, if the signals into or out of a Maintenance Building fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle
            must stop at the signal and must only proceed as far as the line is clear after the Designated Person has
            personally advised the driver and shunter that protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be
            passed.
       The following instructions apply to the maintenance facilities on;
       3 Rd
       4 Rd
       Fuel Rd approaching from the East end
         1. When required to make a move into the maintenance facility or Fuel Rd, the driver must stop at the Stop Board.
         2. Movements past a Stop Board, and movements out of the maintenance facility or Fuel Rd, must not be made
            until the Designated Person has confirmed over the Depot Radio that it is safe for the movement to commence.
                                                         Dated: 18/03/2022




       October 2009                  68
