Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11




SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
DUNDEE

Dundee station - Authority is given to propel empty DMU trains from the Down through or Down platform lines at the East
end of the station to the Down main line for shunting movements which come to a stand on the Camperdown side of signal
D758 before proceeding to the Down through or Down platform lines, and from the Up through or Up platform lines to the
Up main for shunting movements which come to a stand on the Camperdown side of signal D762 before proceeding to the
Up through or Up platform lines.
East reception line - The stabling of vehicles in the headshunt of the East reception line beyond the connection with the
loco release line is prohibited. Vehicles capable of movement under their own power must not be left unattended in the
headshunt.
Diesel Multiple Units - Coupling and uncoupling operations involving diesel multiple units in platforms 2 and 3 is
authorised as follows:
Permission is given to detach from a single class 15x unit or between two class 170 units in platforms 2 and 3 at Dundee,
provided this takes place between the two units nearest the buffer stops only.
Coupling is permitted between two class 15x units or a class 15x unit and a class 170 unit, provided this takes place at the
buffer stop end. Coupling of two class 170 units is not permitted in platforms 2 and 3.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/11/13

SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
HAYMARKET SOUTH TUNNEL

Due to the refuges being temporarily inaccessible, staff must not enter or work in the tunnel unless the provisions of one of
the following Rules have been applied:-
1.   The Rule Book, Module TS1, Regulation 13.
2.   The Rule Book, Module T3.
3.   In emergency, the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 46
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13

SC173 - INVERKEITHING CENTRAL JN TO THORNTON NORTH JN (VIA
COWDENBEATH)
Thornton Yard

Train working – When a train requires to proceed to the yard from the Arrival / Departure line, the person in charge of the
movement must, before the train passes beyond the stop board, ascertain over which line the train will run and ensure that
the hand worked facing points are correctly set.
The driver of a train requiring to enter the yard on the Arrival/Departure line will be advised of the circumstances before the
appropriate signal is cleared, or permission is given, for the train to proceed. Under such circumstances, the person in
charge of the movement must carry out the duties of shunters as shown in the Rule Book, Module SS2, before giving the
driver authority to pass the stop board at the entrance to the yard.
                                                                                                            Dated: 08/11/08

SC173 - INVERKEITHING CENTRAL JN TO THORNTON NORTH JN (VIA
COWDENBEATH)
GLENROTHES WITH THORNTON

Terminating trains must, after completion of station duties, proceed forward to come within signal ET.556 (South Curve) or
signal ET.558 (North Curve) before forming a subsequent departing service.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                  71
