                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6




SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
FALKIRK HIGH)
Cowlairs SC To QUEEN ST HIGH LEVEL

Trains detained at signals - If a train is detained at any signal between Cowlairs South Jn. (from signals CQ245 ; CQ53 ;
CQ241 ; CQ427 inclusive) and Queen Street (High Level), the driver must immediately contact the signaller.
Section 1.1 of the Rule Book, Module S4, Trains or shunting movements detained, or vehicles left, on running lines, is
modified accordingly.
Failure of trains - If a driver requires to communicate with the signaller because of a train failure and the complete train is
within the tunnel but not at a signal, he must do so by using the cab radio equipment. If the cab radio is defective, the
driver must attempt to contact the signaller using the radio in any other cab to which he has access but must not alight for
this purpose. (Where reference is made to the use of a cab radio, this must also be taken to mean any on-train telephone
facility, provided the driver has access to such telephone without alighting).
If it is still not possible to contact the signaller, the driver must remain in the cab, except in an emergency. Under no
circumstances must the driver alight on the cess side or proceed to the nearest telephone by this route due to the lack
of a suitable walking surface (this is only available on the immediate approach to each telephone). The Rule Book,
Module M2 is modified accordingly. The driver must wait until a train on the opposite line stops opposite his cab, he is
advised by the driver of that train that no further movement will be made towards the failed train on the opposite line and it
is safe to alight and proceed to the nearest telephone to contact the signaller. On receipt of such advice, the driver must
alight from the driving cab on the 'six foot' side and proceed to the nearest telephone walking in the 'four foot' of the
appropriate line. Care must be taken when alighting to ensure that the train on the opposite line has passed clear of the
failed train.
The driver of the train permitted to enter the tunnel on the opposite line need not subsequently contact the signaller
provided he has advised the driver of the failed train in accordance with the above. The Rule Book, Module TW1, Section
12 is modified accordingly.
No subsequent train will be permitted to enter the tunnel on the opposite line unless the driver of the failed train has
communicated with the signaller and (a) has confirmed that he will remain at the telephone and, if he is within the tunnel,
provided that the telephone is at a signal applying to the line on which the failed train is standing, or (b) requires to return
to his train, in which case a train may be used on the opposite line for this purpose, or (c) requires to proceed to the end of
the tunnel from which assistance will be provided and a train is used for this purpose as detailed below.
Where it is necessary for assistance to be provided, the driver must reach a clear understanding with the signaller as to
the necessary arrangements and then proceed to the appropriate end of the tunnel, by using a train on the opposite line if
available, at which point the provisions of the Rule Book, Module M2, must be carried out.
Where the driver is conveyed back to his train or to the end of the tunnel for assistance purposes, as in (b) or (c) above,
the driver of the train specially stopped for this purpose must stop specially at the first signal outwith the tunnel and give
the signaller an assurance that the driver has returned to the failed train or is at the end of the tunnel, awaiting assistance.
If the driver of the failed train does not use a train to reach the point agreed for assistance, he must advise the signaller
when he is clear of the tunnel, by walking forward to the nearest signal telephone.
Before the assisting train is permitted to proceed towards the failed train, the opposite line will, again, be blocked until the
failed train and assisting train have proceeded beyond the tunnel.
DESCENDING
Length of trains running into Queen Street (High Level) - A locomotive hauled train conveying passengers must not be
run into Queen Street (High Level) where the overall length exceeds 8 bogie vehicles and one locomotive or 7 bogie
vehicles and two locomotives. Exceptionally, however, a train of 8 bogie vehicles and two locomotives may, with the prior
authority of the Operations Manager, be accepted provided it is routed to platform 7 only and the signaller at Cowlairs is
instructed accordingly.
The maximum length of a High Speed Train working into or out of Queen Street (High Level) is limited to 2 power cars and
8 trailers and such trains must be routed to platform 7. Staff proceeding on the outside of the train to the power car at the
Edinburgh end must proceed along platform 7.
Engineer's trains - The locomotive must always be on the lower end when working between signals CQ245, CQ53,
CQ241, CQ427, CQ251 and CQ59. Locomotives below Class 20 must not be utilised.
The train must not exceed 200 tonnes, exclusive of locomotive and any brake van. Note - This weight restriction is not
applicable where the train concerned is of fixed formation and permanently coupled throughout. Such trains must be
specially identified in the appropriate movement advice.
High Speed Trains comprising of five or less trailer vehicles may be routed into any platform sufficient to accommodate all
vehicles.




October 2009                                                   56
