                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       Elderslie
       W H Malcolm siding – Between 0600 hours and midnight the siding is for the sole use of W H Malcolm services.
       Outwith these hours, the siding may be used for engineers’ on-track machines etc.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06


       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       Brownhill To DALRY
       Roche sidings - Before a freight locomotive is admitted to the sidings, the firm’s chargeman will ensure that Messrs
       Roche’s private locomotive will remain on the Factory Branch line until a verbal assurance is given by the person in charge
       of the freight movement that the freight locomotive is at a stand and no further movements will take place. Messrs
       Roche’s private locomotive may then leave the Factory Branch line and proceed to the sidings.
       When shunting is completed and the firm’s private locomotive is again at a stand on the Factory Branch line, the firm’s
       chargeman will give a verbal assurance to the person in charge of the freight movement that no further movements will be
       made. Messrs Roche’s private locomotive will remain on the Factory Branch line until shunting is completed and the
       siding exit points have been restored to normal.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       BARASSIE YARD

       Trains arriving into Barassie Yard

       Trains proceeding into Barassie Yard must stop at number one hand points and check they are set for sidings five and six
       before proceeding, however, Freightliner Heavy Haul trains may proceed, when booked, into sidings three and four, by
       setting number one hand points for sidings three and four.

       Other Freight Operating Company trains may proceed into sidings three and four when they have the authority to do so
       from Freightliner Heavy Haul.

       When a train has arrived into sidings three and four, the Freight Operating Company representative must reset number
       one hand points for sidings five and six.

       Trains departing Barassie Yard.

       When trains depart Barassie Yard the Freight Operating Company representative or other competent person in charge of
       the movement, must when the train movement is clear of number one hand points, must make sure the hand points are
       correctly set for sidings five and six.


                                                           Dated: 23/05/15




       October 2009                 75
