Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



HAYMARKET SOUTH TUNNEL

Due to the refuges being temporarily inaccessible, staff must not enter or work in the tunnel unless the provisions of one of
the following Rules have been applied:-
1.   The Rule Book, Module TS1, Regulation 13
2.   The Rule Book, Module T3
3.   In emergency, the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 46.2
                                                                                                          Dated: 27/01/19
SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
Haymarket East Jn To Haymarket Central Jn

HAYMARKET T&RSD

The Yard Coordinator in charge of the depot / sidings will input the train description and operate the TRTS to highlight that
a train is ready to proceed / be shunted.
The Yard Coordinator must not attempt to depart a train if he / she has:
•    operated the “Carriage sdgs slot request button”
•    operated the “Loco Depot slot request button”
For shunting purposes only, then one of two train descriptions will be used as follows
Train Description:
SHED       -         Movement to / returning to Shed
CARS       -         Movement to / returning to Carriage Sidings
Shed sidings – Movements to and from Sheds (signals) – The following instructions apply to:-
                     Shed roads 1, 2 and 5 to 10 (East end)
                     Shed roads 1 and 5 to 8 (West end)
Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”, this means the person responsible for
protection on the group of sidings concerned, who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters “DP” in black.
Movements entering depot (east end)
Drivers of trains entering the depot and proceeding towards the Back Road, Shed road 1 to 10 (east end), or the Fuel line
must not proceed beyond the appropriate board worded “STOP, AWAIT INSTRUCTIONS”, (situated opposite the Amenity
Block), without the authority of the shunter.
1.   When required to move vehicles into the Shed on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal situated on the
     approach to the Shed doors.
2.   The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at a
     stand at the signal. If the designated person has removed all the protection inside the Shed, opened the Shed doors
     and lowered the wheel stops, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed with the movement
     as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for persons or obstructions.
3.   If, after the plunger has been depressed, the Shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to display a stop
     aspect, the shunter must request the designated person to remove the protections. When this has been done, the
     shunter must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement may then
     proceed as far as the line is clear.
4.   A movement out of a Shed must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the Shed door is showing a
     proceed aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 6 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as the
     line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the locomotive is not within the Shed, in which case the
     shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
5.   No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and then
     only under direct supervision of the designated person.
6.   If the signals into or out of a Shed fail when a movement is required, the vehicle must stop at the signal, and, must
     only proceed as far as the line is clear, after the designated person has personally advised the driver and shunter that
     the protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed




October 2009                                                  67
