                                                          OFFICIAL


                                      Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9



Crianlarich / Tyndrum Lower section has been obtained, Pilotman A may authorise the train to proceed. After Pilotman A
has checked visually that the first portion has passed the Down branch 'loop clear' marker at Crianlarich, he may then
obtain permission for the second portion to proceed towards Upper Tyndrum and then authorise it to proceed.
Up trains to be combined at Crianlarich - Up trains from Upper Tyndrum must be accompanied by Pilotman A between
Upper Tyndrum and Crianlarich. On arrival at Crianlarich, Pilotman A must proceed on foot or by road to Crianlarich
Lower GF. Up trains from Oban must be accompanied by Pilotman B as far as Crianlarich Lower GF where he must
detrain. Pilotman A must then, with the authority of the signaller, conduct the train from Crianlarich Lower GF on to the
rear of the front portion at Crianlarich. After both portions have been coupled together, Pilotman A must then obtain
permission from the signaller and then authorise the combined trains to proceed to Ardlui (or south thereof).
Dividing and combining trains - In each case, Pilotman A must issue a separate Pilotman's Written Authority to Proceed
form to (a) allow the train to proceed as far as Crianlarich and (b) allow the train to proceed beyond Crianlarich. The
signaller must record the time at which each train enters or leaves the section as shown in clause 4.1 of the RETB
Working by Pilotman instructions for each written authority.
                                                                                                           Dated: 30/01/16

SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
Fillan TEP
Drivers are exempt from carrying out the 'loop clear' procedure after passing Fillan.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
UPPER TYNDRUM TEP
North and South interlocking - After the driver of a Down direction train has returned his token at the Down loop stop
board, he must change his radio channel and co-operate with the 'North' signaller at Banavie signalling centre to enter his
radio number in the North interlocking, and then obtain a token to proceed. The radio number will be deleted from the
South interlocking without further action by the driver.
After the driver of an Up direction train has returned his token at the Up loop stop board, he must change his radio channel
and co-operate with the 'South' signaller at Banavie signalling centre to enter his radio number in the South interlocking,
and then obtain a token to proceed. The radio number will be deleted from the North interlocking without further action by
the driver.
Shunting - No shunting tokens are available at Upper Tyndrum and all shunting operations including departure from the
CE siding for shunting purposes, or access to the CE siding, must be carried out by special authority card. Such authority
cards will be dictated only by the 'North' signaller. Drivers requiring to carry out any of the above shunting operations must
ensure that they are switched to the appropriate radio channel to communicate with the 'North' signaller. When shunting is
complete and the special authority card cancelled, the driver must give the 'North' signaller an assurance that no vehicles
have been left on the single line or any place where they could cause an obstruction to trains.
No portion of a Down train must be left on the single line during shunting operations. Before the locomotive of a Down
train is uncoupled, the points must be set for the CE siding and remain in that position while shunting operations are in
progress. Any portion of a train left on the Down platform line during shunting operations must be properly secured.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
BRIDGE OF ORCHY TEP To RANNOCH TEP
Working by special authority card - If the radio fails in the leading cab of a train requiring to proceed from
Bridge of Orchy to Rannoch, or Rannoch to Bridge of Orchy, the rear cab radio must be used. The issue of a
'Long Section' token between Bridge of Orchy and Rannoch or Rannoch and Bridge of Orchy by the rear cab
is authorised.

Gorton CE siding - Gorton CE siding is to be used only for engineer's trains or machines. In the event of an
emergency, the authority of the Operations Manager, or his nominated representative, who must first obtain
the authority of the Engineer, must be obtained before this siding is used for other than engineer's trains or
machines.

Drivers of trains or machines using this siding must inform the signaller at Banavie signalling centre if any
vehicles or machines are stabled in, or removed from, this siding.
                                                                                                 Dated: 30/01/16




October 2009                                                 56
