                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC3




       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       ANNAN

       Up direction trains will not be permitted to run to Annan Down platform except:-
         • in an emergency
         • during single line working
         • as otherwise directed to the signaller by the Network Rail local manager.
                                                           Dated: 02/09/08

       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       DUMFRIES

       Drivers of Down trains terminating at Dumfries must, on arrival at the Down platform, advise the signaller at Dumfries
       Station box immediately that the train has arrived complete with tail lamp, using the telephone located at Dumfries Down
       platform, (outside the Chargeman’s office).
       Dumfries Down Yard.
       Drivers of trains departing from the sidings in Dumfries Down yard must, immediately prior to moving towards the exit
       signal, contact the signaller for advice on any ingoing movements using the following terminology : -
       Driver - “Driver of XXXX, preparing to move from Dumfries Down yard sidings. Are any incoming movements in progress?”
       Signaller, Dumfries SB- “There are no incoming movements in progress to the Down Yard sidings”
       OR
       “Standby driver, there is an incoming movement signalled to the Down Yard sidings”
                                                           Dated: 02/10/21

       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       NEW CUMNOCK

       Up goods loop - No vehicle must be left between the buffer stop and the trailing points of the connection from the Up
       main line to the Up goods loop.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       KILMARNOCK

       CE machine siding - The normal position of the connection to the CE machine siding is clipped and padlocked in position
       for movements to and from the headshunt. The padlock key is kept in Kilmarnock signal box. A movement must not be
       made through this connection except when authorised by the CE person in charge who must, before authorising the
       movement, ensure that no confliction will be made. After the movement through the connection has been made, the CE
       person in charge must ensure that the connection is restored and the padlock key returned to the signaller.
       Failure of signalling equipment - If a failure between Kilmarnock and Lugton requires the introduction of modified
       working arrangements, the driver will be instructed by the signaller to pass the appropriate signal at Kilmarnock station at
       danger and draw forward to the box. The driver must not proceed beyond the box until the written order has been
       received from the signaller (the instructions in Rule Book module P2, section 7, are modified accordingly).
                                                           Dated: 04/03/17
       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       Lugton SB
       Modified Working – When it is necessary to introduce Modified Working on the single line between Lugton (Lochridge Jn.)
       and Kilmarnock, drivers of Up direction trains will be brought to a stand at signal LU29 (Up Kilmarnock) or signal LU21
       (Down Kilmarnock, Up direction) at Stewarton and Form RT3177 completed by dictation with the signaller at Lugton box. A
       supply of these forms is contained within lockfast lineside cabinets at each signal.
                                                           Dated: 04/03/17




       October 2009                  59
