                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6



       Overhead Line Equipment (OLE)
       There is no OLE at Cadder Depot but there is on the North boundary of Cadder Depot on the EGIP main line.
       Rail Vehicles arriving at Cadder Depot – West Arrival
       714 A/B points will show a reverse indication on the Signal Panel. YC will check the roads are not blocked and the depot
       has the capacity to accommodate the Train formation.
       All associated King Points must be set and checked. YC will set up Signal Panel turning switch CD2 to the OFF position.
       This will operate the Position Light signal which will display a proceed (2 white lights at 45 degrees).
       The Unit will arrive via signal CD2. Depot Staff will meet the unit at the Handover Point outside the YC Office.
       Once Unit is in clear of Signal CD2, YC will reset Signal Panel turning switch CD2 back to the ON position.
       Note:The changeover point ahead of CD2 isn’t long enough for the train to clear the track circuits
                                                             2087, so
       leaving it occupied for prolonged periods will stop the acceptance of another train
                                                    from the West departure.
       Rail Vehicles arriving at Cadder Depot – East Arrival
       711 A/B points will show a reverse indication on the Signal Panel. The YC will check the roads are not blocked and the
       depot has the capacity to accommodate the Train formation.
       All associated King Points must be set and checked. YC will set up Signal Panel turning switch CD1 to the OFF position.
       This will operate the Position Light signal which will display a proceed (2 white lights at 45 degrees).
       The Unit will arrive via signal CD1. Train will be routed into the Headshunt. The driver will change ends and then contact
       the YC via the GSM-R or SPT for permission to proceed forward from the Headshunt Stop Board.
       Once the King Points have been set and checked the YC will give the driver permission to pass the Stop Board and
       continue forward with the unit to the Handover Point. Depot Staff will meet the unit at the Handover Point outside the YC
       Office.
       Once Unit is in clear of Signal CD1, YC will reset Signal Panel turning switch CD1 back to the ON position.
       The Yard Co will:
       The YC shall ensure that under normal circumstances, no formations longer than eight-car rail vehicles enter Cadder
       Depot at any one time.
       Instruction to proceed will be given by the YC and Drivers of rail vehicles entering Cadder Depot must:
       obey stringently the YC’s instructions
       proceed only as far as the line ahead is clear
       stop a minimum of 5 metres from buffer stops or other rail vehicles (2 metres for non HST rolling stock).
       The changeover point ahead of CD1 is long enough for the train to clear the track circuits 2071, allowing the acceptance
       of another train from the East departure.
       Any train movements that proceed to far into the Headshunt, will active the train interrupter. The YC will get a warning on
       the Signal Panel from the buzzer to indicate that this has happened. They will have to report the incident, to allow for the
       interrupter to be check, to ensure it is still operational.
       Before any rail vehicle movement is undertaken, the YC and / or Depot Operator / Driver must ensure or, as relevant, be
       assured that:
       All points, facing and trailing, are set and checked for the intended rail vehicle movement
       Any person not directly involved in the rail vehicle movement is warned to move clear
       Any equipment, including rail vehicle(s), that may be foul of the movement is moved clear
       The movement will be controlled to ensure that there are no heavy impacts with rail vehicles or buffer stops or collisions at
       fouling points
       Prior to the move commencing, the rail vehicle warning horn will be sounded
       All rail vehicles, when stabled, are not foul of other roads and are at the correct position within sidings
       Stabled rail vehicles will be positioned to ensure that authorised crossing pathways are not blocked
       The YC must ensure that all rail vehicles are stabled in a manner that will allow driver pre-departure preparation duties to
       be undertaken safely.
       Any unplanned Trains arriving from any location, the Signaller and/or Scotrail Control will:
       Confirm with the Yard co-ordinator that there is availability within the depot for the unplanned train.
       Reach an agreement to prevent conflict for any other planned or unplanned movements.
       Any ECS trains departing Cadder Depot.
       The YC will be responsible for interposing the headcode of the departing trains into the train describer provided.
       The train driver will then press the TRTS at the exit signal to notify the signaller that the train is ready to exit the depot.
       The YC will tell the Signaller when an unbooked movement is to depart the depot. Signaller and YC must reach an
       agreement to prevent conflict for any other planned or unplanned movements.




       October 2009                 53C
