                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11




SC183 - STIRLING TO CHARLESTOWN JN
ALLOA TOWN

Protection of staff by lockout - Lockouts are provided at Alloa Town station.
At Alloa Town, the lockout cabinet is located at the top of the platform ramp. When operated, the lockout will block the
platform line to the buffer stop and the single Kincardine line between signals SK6543 and SK6546.
Alloa Town platform lockout – alternative procedure - Where this lockout is to be used under the alternative
arrangements detailed in the General Instructions under the heading “Protection of Staff on or about the line by
Lockout”, for the type of work specified, the procedure detailed below is additional to the requirements of the Rule Book,
Module T10.
The General Instructions headed “CLEANING TRACK AREAS IN STATIONS” do not apply.
         Taking a blockage
The person requiring the blockage must:
•   unlock the cabinet
•   telephone the signaller giving his name, grade and employing organisation
•   tell the signaller the nature of the work and for how long the blockage is required.
When the signaller is able to grant the blockage, and tells the person to withdraw the key, a green indication in the cabinet
will illuminate and the person requiring the blockage must:
•   press the button
•   at the same time, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet
•   if the green indication has extinguished and he has removed the lockout key, confirm to the signaller that the key is in
    his possession.
The signaller will then read back the entry that he has made to record the use of the lockout. If the person requesting the
blockage is satisfied that the entry is correct, he must repeat his name, grade and employing organisation to the signaller.
The lockout cabinet must then be relocked.
The person requesting the blockage must retain the lockout key until the work is complete and it is necessary to return the
key to the cabinet except where it is necessary to hand over to a relief. If it is necessary to hand over to a relief, the person
being relieved must tell the signaller the name, grade and employing organisation of his relief and confirm to the signaller
that this person now has possession of the lockout key.
Lifting a blockage
The person giving up the blockage must tell the signaller when the work has been completed and the lines are clear,
giving his name, grade and employing organisation. The signaller will instruct this person to replace the lockout key in the
control unit. The person giving up the blockage must insert the key, turn it in the direction indicated and then ask the
signaller for permission to relock the cabinet.
                                                                                                             Dated: 25/03/08




October 2009                                                   76
