                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




       CONDITIONS FOR DRIVER ONLY OPERATION (DOO) OF
       NON-PASSENGER (NP) TRAINS
       (All references in this instruction to 'radio equipment' include GSMR and RETB).
       For the purpose of this instruction the term 'power operated doors' also includes slam door stock fitted with central door
       locking.
       All lines within Network Rail Scotland Route are available for DOO (NP) provided the undernoted criteria can be complied
       with :-
       1.A Drivers Safety Device (DSD) must be provided which cannot be neutralised while the train is moving. (Exception -
         light locomotives or empty multiple unit trains for a distance of up to 10 miles).
       Application of the brake must automatically cut off the traction power.
       2.Assistance must be available to the driver in complying with the requirements of the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section
         4 and Module TW1, Section 23, for a brake test where necessary.
       3.Where ECS, Parcels and Postal trains are comprised of stock not fitted with power operated doors, a person must be
         available to give the 'Ready to Start' signal at the starting point and at all stations where the train is booked to stop.
         Where there is a stop signal on, or within a train length ahead of, the platform arrangements must be made to ensure
         that the driver of an ECS train without power operated doors can safely restart after being detained at the signal. This
         must be done by ensuring that the driver has a clear view along the full length of the train or a person is available on
         the platform to give the 'Ready to Start' signal or special arrangements are made to ensure that the train is detained
         on the approach to the platform when the signal is at danger. Staff and non-railway personnel are prohibited from
         travelling on an ECS train without power operated doors when it is booked to stop at an unmarked platform.
       4.The following must not be conveyed :-
         g)Toxic gases, class 2(c)
         h)Hydrocyanic acid, class 6.1(A)
         i)Radioactive substances in flasks, class 7
       The quantity of flammable gases, class 2(a), conveyed in bulk must not exceed one bogie tank wagon, or two 2-axle tank
       wagons, or one 40ft container (or equivalent length of smaller containers), or one 2-axle tank wagon and one 20ft
       container (or equivalent length of smaller containers).
       5.DOO (NP) operation is permitted on :-
         a)Double / multiple track lines provided (i) they are continuously track circuited with colour light signals and the
           driver of each DO train is provided with radio equipment or telephones are provided connected to the controlling
           signal box at intervals of approximately 2 miles OR (ii) all trains are provided with radio equipment OR (iii) a DOO
           (NP) train is not allowed to pass more than two passenger trains on any adjacent line in any period of 60 minutes
           as shown in the WTT (except where trains are booked to be at a stand at platforms or loops).
         b)Single lines provided (i) all DO trains are equipped with radio equipment OR (ii) telephones are provided
           connected to the controlling signal box at intervals of approximately 2 miles.
         c)Goods lines
       For the purposes of this clause (5), track circuits must be of the continuously energised type. This excludes all axle
       counter arrangements.
       A DOO (NP) train may also pass over a line not complying with the above arrangements for a distance of up to 10 miles.
       DO operation of light locomotives and engineers' on-track machines is permitted on any line.
       6.In the event of failure of the radio equipment (where telephones are not provided), a DOO (NP) train may continue in
         service to the first suitable location where the defect can be rectified or, where applicable, the locomotive replaced.
         The signaller must specially observe the passage of the train concerned. If the radio system is non-operative for all
         trains in an area, normal working may continue on continuously track-circuited lines but the signaller must specially
         observe the passage of trains. Where continuous track-circuiting is not provided, normal working must be suspended
         during the passage of the train on which the radio equipment has failed or during a complete failure of the radio
         system. In either case, a DO train must not be permitted to be in the block section while there is another train on the
         other line.
       7.All planned DOO (NP) workings must be advised to the Operational Planning Manager.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13




       April 2010                  38
