                                                       OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



5.      (a)     If the hopper entrance signals S1N or S1S fail, the driver will be authorised by the Coal Handling Plant
                Controller to pass the appropriate entrance signal at danger provided all other signals on that line are
                working normally.
        (b)     If two or more signals are not working normally, discharging will not take place on that line and the driver
                will be authorised by the Coal Handling Plant Controller to pass the necessary signals at danger to
                enable the train to proceed forward to the appropriate ground position light signal controlled from
                Longannet box from where the train will be signalled to the opposite line for discharge.
        (c)     If two or more signals fail during a discharging movement, all signals will be replaced to red and an
                EW&S supervisor will attend to supervise subsequent train movements. The supervisor in attendance
                must arrange for the person in charge of the movement to handsignal the movement from the discharge
                plant. The Coal Discharge Plant Operator must be advised by the supervisor in attendance when the
                discharging movement will restart who must also request the Coal Discharge Plant Operator to ensure
                that the person in charge of the movement is kept aware of train movement requirements. The
                supervisor in attendance must assist with relaying handsignals until discharging is complete.
6.      Wrong direction and propelling movements are prohibited except that a light locomotive may travel in the wrong
        direction in order to assist a failed train.
7.      If a failed train requires assistance, the person in charge of the movement must advise the Coal Handling Plant
        Controller of the circumstances and place three detonators on the line, 300 metres (approximately 300 yards) in
        advance of the failed train. The provisions of the Rule Book, Module M2, Section 5 must, thereafter, be observed
        and assistance provided at the front of the failed train.
8.      If the apparatus affecting the “CRIPPLES / NO CRIPPLES” indication fails, the wagon examiner must inform the
        signaller at Longannet box whether there are cripples or not.
9.      When an MGR train is stabled at Longannet with the locomotive immobilised, a minimum of 6 wagon handbrakes
        must be applied in addition to the application of both handbrakes on the locomotive.
                                                                                                         Dated: 03/10/09




October 2009                                               75
