                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




       SC085 - AYR HARBOUR TO NEWTON JN (GOODS LINE)
       Ayr Harbour GF

       Coal discharge hopper

       Radio equipment supplied by EW&S is used to control the movement of trains during unloading.
       The person in charge on duty must uplift the radios when booking on duty at Falkland yard. On arrival at the discharge
       point the person in charge will hand over one radio to the Associated British Ports Operator and the other radio to the
       driver. The ABP Operator, on receipt of the radio, will make an initial test transmission with the driver, which must be
       preceded with the words “ABP OPERATOR TO EW&S DRIVER” which must be acknowledged. The ABP Operator will
       then advise the driver that he will be responsible for all movements within the discharge hopper road. STRICT RADIO
       DISCIPLINE MUST BE MAINTAINED.
       A standard Network Rail type position light signal is provided at the entrance to the hopper and will normally exhibit a red
       and white light horizontally displayed as a stop aspect and two white lights at a angle of 45 degrees as a proceed aspect.
       The ABP Operator will ensure that the lineside equipment at the hopper is in the correct position, and will control the
       position light signal to the proceed position prior to advising the driver to commence the movement towards the hopper for
       unloading.
       If the position light signal fails, the ABP Operator will ensure that the lineside equipment at the hopper is in the correct
       position for the train to approach before verbally advising the EW&S driver to pass the signal at danger.
       All trains must be drawn during unloading.
       The radio equipment has a continuous bleep facility which will be used by the ABP Operator. The ABP Operator will
       transmit a continuous bleep signal. If, however, there is any break in the transmission the driver must stop the movement
       immediately. A movement must not start or restart until the appropriate instruction is given verbally.
       The maximum speed of trains during unloading must not exceed ½ mph.
       If there is a complete radio failure, arrangements must be made for movements to be controlled by hand signals.
       During unloading the person in charge must be in attendance at the discharge hopper, at the opposite side from the ABP
       Operator, in order to monitor the unloading and so that he can advise the ABP Operator should a door fail to open.
       On completion of unloading, the ABP Operator will hand over his radio to the person in charge and give him an assurance
       that the lineside hopper equipment is in the correct position for the train to depart.
       On receipt of the radio, the person in charge must make a test transmission to the driver which must be preceded by the
       correct call sign and be acknowledged by the driver. The person in charge will then instruct the driver that he has taken
       charge of the movements.
       The person in charge must return the radios on arrival back at Falkland Yard.
       If a Class 08 locomotive is not available for unloading coal trains at Ayr Harbour, it will be necessary to use a Class 37
       locomotive fitted with slow speed control.
       If a Class 37 locomotive fitted with slow speed control is not available, any Class 37 locomotive may be used, but, every
       wagon must be stopped over the discharge hopper for unloading.
       The Ayr Harbour representative must be advised by the person in charge when a Class 37 is to be used and whether or
       not it is fitted with slow speed controls.
       When a Class 37 locomotive is used to discharge wagons at Ayr Harbour, no more than 10 wagons may be drawn over
       the discharge hopper.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC087 - NEWTON JN TO MAUCHLINE (GOODS LINE)
       Newton Jn To Annbank GF

       Auchencruive MOD Siding - The ground frame is controlled by the section token. Trains do not shut in.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                 84
