Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




CLASS 15X SERIES DMU’S - PERMITTED SPEEDS
All reference to 15X series DMU’s in this instruction must be understood to mean Class 156 and Class 158 units
only.
Special lineside marker boards indicating increased permitted speeds and consisting of a square yellow board or a
diagonal yellow board bearing black letter and numerals (see example below) have been provided at various locations on
routes indicated in Table A of the Sectional Appendix as applying to Class 15X Series DMU's only.
Where a Termination Marker Board is provided, Class 15X DMU's must revert to the speed applicable to all trains.
Commencement speed indicator boards applying to Class 15X Series DMU's are located where only these trains may
travel at the higher speed as shown in Table A of the Network Rail Scotland Sectional Appendix. Existing permanent
speed restriction indicator signs indicating a higher speed limit or restrictions continue to apply to Class 15X Series DMU's.
The Rule Book, Module SP, Section 2.1 is modified accordingly.




                         MU                                                       MU
                         60                                                        T
             COMMENCEMENT SIGN                                       TERMINATION SIGN
                                                                              Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13

CLASS 15X SERIES DMUs - TRAINS EXCEEDING
PLATFORM LENGTH
Where a train composed of Class 15X Series units is booked to stop at a station and the platform cannot
accommodate the length of train involved, the guard must operate the doors on a “one door only” basis. This
arrangement must be strictly observed at all times unless an alternative arrangement is authorised for a
specified station or platform.
                                                                              Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06

CLASS 37/4 LOCOMOTIVES
General
ETH wiring on Class 37/4 locomotives is rated at 150 amps as opposed to 600 amps on other locomotives and shore
supplies.
The train supply jumpers must never be coupled at both ends of a Class 37/4 locomotive unless when two locomotives
are working a train and the other locomotive is also a Class 37/4.
A Class 37/4 locomotive must never be coupled to a shore supply.
Hauling of 'Dead' Locomotives
A Class 37/4 can be utilised to work a train with a dead ETH locomotive of another class on the train providing the ETH
index of the train does not exceed 30 or the ETH is switched off.
A Class 37/4 must not be hauled dead on a train worked by any other class of ETH locomotive which is providing ETH
power to the train.
Failure to comply with these instructions may heat the ETH cabling which could cause permanent damage to the
locomotive equipment.
                                                                              Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




April 2010                                                 29
