                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11


       Road Rail Vehicles Accessing/Egressing the Forth Railway Bridge.
       1.Prohibitions.
       All RRVs that are prohibited on any bridges or viaducts with guard rails unless authorised by the RAM(Track)
       The following RRV s are prohibited from use on the Forth Rail Bridge within the confines of the bespoke track system at
       this location, that is non-traditionally sleeper/ballasted track,i.e, Long Timbers contained in trough girders:
       All Low Rail 360-degree RRVs.
       All RRVs with Low under clearance in rail mode.
       All vehicles prohibited from working on a gradient greater than 1in70 as per their Vehicle Acceptance Certificate
       2.General,
       These instructions apply to all Road Rail Vehicles that are required to access the Forth Rail Bridge for engineering
       operations
       The vehicle must not be relied upon to actuate Track Circuits and the “Line Clear Verification process “will apply as per
       GE/RT8000… or pre-arranged corporate re-set has been pre-arranged prior to the works commencing.
       3.Working of the vehicle on Rail.
       The driving cabs are suitable for normal working in the forward direction when on rail. Where this is not possible rail
       movements in reverse must be controlled by communication/authorisation of the Machine Controller
       4 Working of vehicle on Rail with Trailing Load
       The continuous brake must be operable on all vehicles accessing/egressing the Forth Rail bridge.
       Propelling Rail movements in reverse must be controlled by communication/authorisation of the Machine Controller.
       5 Assistance.
       Should the vehicle fail and be unable to run under its own power, it may be moved by another RRV or locomotive using
       the tow bar caried on the vehicle. The speed of these movement must not exceed 5mph (Walking Pace) and the Road
       Rail Driver must travel on the vehicle with the Machine Controller observing on foot from the adjacent walkway.
                                                           Dated: 06/05/23




       October 2009                 69A
