                                                        OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC13




SC193 - PERTH TO INVERNESS
INVERNESS T&RSD

Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”, this means the person responsible for
protection in the depot who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters “DP” in black.
No vehicle movement to or from the T&RS Maintenance Depot should be made without prior notification and authorisation
being given by the Designated Person.
Movements to and from the Maintenance Depot – The following instructions apply to:-
Coaching Stock Maintenance Depot Roads 4 and 5.
Traction Maintenance Depot Roads 1 and 2.
Underframe Wash Road.
1. When required to make a movement into the Roads concerned, the train driver must stop at the signal situated on the
    approach.
2. The Designated Person must remove all protection inside the shed and open the shed doors before the signal can
    show a proceed aspect. The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be
    operated until the train is at a stand at the signal. The Driver may then proceed with the movement when a proceed
    aspect is shown and the line is clear, keeping a lookout at all time for any persons or hazards.
3. A movement out of a Shed must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the door is showing a proceed
    aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 6 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as the line is
    clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train is not within the Shed, in which case the shunter is
    responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
4. No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during equipment
    failure and then only under direct supervision of the designated person.
5. The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger except in the circumstances
    detailed in Clause 6.
6. If a signal into or out of a Shed fails when a movement is required, the vehicle must stop at the signal and must only
    proceed as far as the line is clear after the designated person has personally advised the driver and shunter that
    protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed.
Wagon Shop Roads 1, 2, 3 and 4. Fuel, Tank and Stores Roads.
1 When required to make a movement into the Wagon Shop, Fuel, Tank or Stores Roads, the Driver must stop at the
‘STOP’ board situated on the approach to the shed entrance or Road.
2 Movements past a ‘STOP’ board, in or out of the Wagon Shop Roads 1, 2, 3 and 4 or from the Fuel, Tank or Stores
Roads, must not be made until the Designated Person has personally given the Shunter or Driver an assurance that it is
safe for the movement to commence.
3 The Designated Person must ensure that any mechanical Rail Stops have been lowered prior to the movement.
Additional instructions for movements to the Fuelling Road;
1 The coupling of Class 15X and 170 DMU units on this Road is prohibited.
2 HST vehicles must not be coupled or uncoupled on this Road.
Additional instructions for movements out of the Coaching Stock Maintenance Depot.
1. Prior to any movement from the Coaching Stock Maintenance Depot which may proceed onto or foul the Harbour Road
or towards position light signal I716, the Shunter/Driver must contact the Signaller at Inverness Signalling Centre and
ensure that no movements have been signalled into the Depot or Harbour Road. This includes signalled moves from
position light signal I736.
2. If the signaller advises that there are no movements signalled, the movement may then proceed onto the Harbour Road
or towards signal I716.
3. If the signaller advises that there is an incoming or Harbour Road movement signalled, the movement must not be
made.
4. The Shunter/Driver must wait until the signalled movement has been made and again contact the Signaller, as above,
for confirmation.
                                                                                                       Dated: 06/02/21




October 2009                                               41
