                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4



         5. There is use of an overhead crane in the West End of 3 Maintenance Shed.
         6. There is use of 4 x synchronised lifting jacks in the West End of 3 Maintenance Shed.
       Underframe Wash
         7. Underframe wash activities are undertaken in this location.
         8. Persons working in the Underframe Wash must apply their personal issue padlock to the Depot Protection Panel.
       Fuelling and CET (Loco Fuel Road and 1, 2, & 3 Reception Roads)
         9. All roads are supplied with OLE. Before any work that requires the operator’s feet to be above cab floor level on
            the exterior of a rail vehicle commences, an OLE isolation must be in place.
         10. Persons working on a rail vehicle within servicing locations must apply their personal id tag to the NTBM board
            on the vehicle.
       Cleaning Shed (1, 2, 3 and 4 Cleaning)
         11. All roads are supplied with OLE. Before any work that requires the operator’s feet to be above cab floor level on
            the exterior of a rail vehicle commences, an OLE isolation must be in place.
         12. Train Presentation activities are undertaken in the Cleaning Shed.
         13. Persons working on a rail vehicle stabled in the cleaning shed must apply their personal id tag to the NTBM
            board on the vehicle.
       Carriage Wash
         14. The Carriage Wash road is supplied with OLE.
         15. Work requiring the operator’s feet to be above cab floor level on the outside of a rail vehicle, i.e. maintenance on
            the carriage wash, will only commence after a local OLE isolation has been applied by a certificated Nominated
            Person.
       Overhead Line Equipment (OLE)
         1. All roads within the boundaries of Corkerhill Depot are supplied with OLE with the exception of 1 Maint, 2 Maint, 3
            Maint and the Underframe Wash Shed.
         2. A local isolation must be taken if the feet of a person working in the area will be above cab floor level on the
            exterior of a rail vehicle.
         3. The isolation must be undertaken by a competent person. Corkerhill Depot does not contain persons competent
            to undertake OLE isolations within its cohort.
       Rail Vehicle Movements Into / Out of Maintenance Sheds
       Where reference is made in the following instructions to a movement into / out of a Maintenance Shed and the
       Underframe Wash Shed.
         1. When required to move vehicles into a Shed on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal situated on the
            approach to the Maintenance Shed doors on the siding concerned.
         2. The driver or shunter must press the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the
            train is at a stand at the signal. If the Designated Person has removed all the protection inside the Shed, opened
            the Shed doors and lowered the derailer, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed
            with the movement as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for persons or obstructions.
         3. If after the plunger has been pressed the Shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to display a stop
            aspect, the driver or shunter must request the Designated Person to remove the protection. When this has been
            done, the driver or shunter must again press the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The
            movement may then proceed as far as the line is clear.
         4. A movement out of a Shed must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the Shed door is showing a
            proceed aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as
            the line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train is not within the Shed in which case the
            shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
         5. No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and
            then only under direct supervision of the Designated Person.
         6. The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger.
         7. However, if the signals into or out of a Shed fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle must stop at the
            signal and must only proceed as far as the line is clear after the Designated Person has personally advised the
            driver and/or shunter that protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed.
                                                         Dated: 18/03/2022




       October 2009                 81
