                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



       Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart. A train must not draw forward
       towards exit signal E816 unless that signal has been cleared or permission has been obtained from the signaller for the
       movement to be made.
       Drivers must not alight from, or join, a train within this siding unless the train is at the buffer stop and must only use the
       driving cab at the buffer stop end for this purpose
       Sounding of locomotive horns during night - Drivers must not sound their horns within the precincts of the station nor
       under the station roof between midnight and 06 00, except to give warning of danger or when absolutely necessary in
       connection with working movements.
       Sprinter Multiple Units - Coupling / uncoupling operations involving these units in platform 9 must only be carried out as
       under :-
       An attaching movement must only be made to a single unit provided such unit is positioned on straight track. A detaching
       movement must only be carried out on straight track.
       Reference to "unit" in this instruction must be taken to mean 2 vehicles.
       Platform 9 - Freight trains are prohibited from working through the station via platform 9 line due to track alignment and
       potential structure damage resulting from vibration.
       No.16 Mid siding - Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the buffer stop when the siding is clear throughout.
       Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart from the siding. A train must
       not draw forward towards exit signal E837 unless that signal is showing a proceed aspect or permission has been
       obtained from the signaller for the movement to be made.
       Drivers must not alight from a train within this siding unless the train is at the buffer stop and only then from the driving cab
       at the buffer stop end.
       Through platforms additional TPWS equipment

       Additional TPWS train stop equipment (TSS-2) is provided to protect against any potential start-away SPAD in the
       following through platforms:
                             Platform starting
                      Platform           TSS-2 distance from
                             signal      signal
                      2      E444        110m on approach
                      11     E471        18m on approach
                      19     E489        40m on approach


       Each TSS-2 is energised when the platform starting signal to which it applies is at danger and no route has been set up to
       it. To prevent false TPWS brake demands being caused by this equipment during attaching and detaching movements
       when the platform starting signal is at danger, the following instructions apply for platforms 2, 11 and 19 only:
       Multiple unit trains drawing up –

       If a movement will pass over the TSS-2, after receiving permission to draw up the platform from the signaller the driver
       must use the TPWS train stop override in the driving cab immediately before starting the movement. If a TPWS brake
       demand occurs during the movement, the driver must immediately contact the signaller, explain what has happened and
       not make any further movement until the signaller gives permission.
       Caledonian Sleeper trains –

       When a Caledonian Sleeper train requires to draw up platform 19 during shunting operations, the driver must stop the
       leading driving cab of the movement at the stop marker provided.
                                                         Dated: 27/01/2019




       October 2009                 49
