                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




       • After permission has been given for the snow plough to enter the section, no train must be allowed to enter the
         section on the opposite or adjoining running line until the snowplough has arrived at the box in advance or has
         returned to the box in rear.
       • Such snowploughs must be signalled by the Bell code signal 2-6-3.
       These ploughs are available at the undernoted depots :-
             DEPOT             TYPE             NUMBER

       Inverness         Drift Snowplough  ADB965224
       Motherwell        Drift Snowplough  ADB965209
       Motherwell        Drift Snowplough  ADB965219
       Inverness         Drift Snowplough  ADB965230
       Motherwell        Drift Snowplough  ADB965231
       Motherwell        Drift Snowplough  ADB965243


       At Slochd, the passage of Independent Snow Ploughs with adjustable skids in the lowered position is prohibited and the
       skids must be locked in the retracted position before passing over the loop points.
       2. Beilhack Patrol Ploughs

       General

       The ploughs may be allowed to work over all main running lines in Scotland. When ploughing, the locomotive(s) is
       authorised to propel over all routes (the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 26 refers).
       Snowploughs numbers ADB965576 AND ADB965577, based at Motherwell are intended for patrol work and ploughing
       snow drifts up to 6ft high. The ploughs may be attached to the front and rear of a diesel or electric locomotive. They may
       also be worked singly provided each plough is attached to a diesel locomotive equipped with a miniature snow plough.
       The ploughs are attached to a locomotive by means of standard screw couplings.
       Ploughs must be in a state of readiness until the end of March.
       The normal position of the blades is in a side position so that the snow is pushed to the cess side in the direction of travel.
       The ploughs will be under the charge of a Network Rail Operations Department Representative. The train must also be
       accompanied by a Rolling Stock Technician.
       Drivers are responsible for seeing that the air brake is coupled and operative on the ploughs and that two white marker
       lights are mounted on the lamp irons on the leading plough and a tail lamp on the rear plough.
       Guards will not be provided
       Before commencement of patrolling/ploughing, the nearest Electrification depot must be advised. The Electric Control
       Room must also be advised if patrolling/ploughing is to be carried out on lines electrified by overhead equipment.
       When attached to ploughs, locomotives must not exceed 45mph
       Normal working may continue on adjoining lines while patrolling/ploughing is in progress unless the person in charge
       considers a risk exists to traffic using these lines. In such cases selected blockages should be imposed at the discretion
       of the person in charge.
       When locomotives attached to ploughs are taken into sidings they must be stopped sufficiently short of the buffer stops to
       avoid damage to the ploughs through contact with the front supporting stays of the buffer stops. Care must be exercised
       to avoid damage to the ploughs through contact with scotch blocks, derailers, etc., which may be fixed in sidings.
       Instructions to Signallers

       The Beilhack Patrol ploughs and locomotives must be signalled by the train Identification Code 1Z88 and where train
       describers are not in use must be signalled by the special Is line clear signal 2-1-1.
       Locomotives

       The ploughs may be attached to any main line air brake locomotive
       The route availability of the locomotive is unchanged with the attachment of the ploughs.




       April 2010                    84
