                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10




       SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
       Torness Sdg GSPThe siding connection is controlled from a switch panel located in a cabinet
       adjacent to the points. The panel is electrically released from Edinburgh signalling centre.

       To operate the siding connection, the person in charge of the movement must first communicate with the signaller,
       thereafter open the door of the switch panel cabinet by means of the plunger provided. When the signaller gives
       permission for the panel to be operated, the ‘F’ indication above No.2 switch will become illuminated and No.2 switch must
       be turned to the right hand position. When this has been done, the ‘F’ indication will be extinguished and replaced by the
       illumination of the ‘ACC’ indication. Thereafter, No.1 switch must be turned to the right hand position to operate the points.
       The illuminated ‘R’ indicates that the points are correctly set.
       After the train movement is completed, the switches must be restored to the left hand position, the signaller advised when
       this has been done and the cabinet door closed.
       Overhead crane gantry - A position light signal is located on the overhead crane gantry to indicate to the person in
       charge of the movement when the crane jib is operating and when it is clear to proceed under the gantry.
       The aspects exhibited are :-
                 Aspect                     Meaning

       One white light and one red light horizontally
                                  Jib operating - do not proceed under crane
       displayed two white lights at an angle of 45
                                  gantryJib not operating - clear to proceed under
       degrees                    crane gantry
       When no aspect is exhibited, the person in charge of the movement must work to the instructions of the power station staff
       in attendance. A proceed indication exhibited does not override any other handsignal or instruction which requires the
       driver to stop.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
       Oxwellmains

       Lafarge sidings

       Down sidings - Train movements are made under the control of the Lafarge shunter.
                                                           Dated: 08/11/08

       SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
       LONGNIDDRY TSC To EDINBURGH WAVERLEY

       Clarification of existing power supply restrictions - Edinburgh Waverley to Longniddry TSC
       No more than 4 long distance cross-border trains in Electric Mode may be operated over the section covered by Portobello
       Feeder Station in any one-hour period (normally 2 per line). These are the lines between Edinburgh Waverley Station 0m
       00ch and Longniddry TSC 13m 32ch and includes Prestonpans Loop.


                                                           Dated: 07/09/20




       October 2009                  45
