Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




Rule Book Module T3 - Possession of the line for
engineering work
Possession Arrangements

Level crossings
Authority is granted for an AHB level crossing to remain on local control during the possession while the supervising signal
box is closed. Sections 6.2 and 11.6 are modified accordingly.


Staff safety
To ensure staff safety when carrying out protection duties associated with the instructions contained in the Rule Book,
Module T3 (Possession of the line for engineering work), authority is granted for the provision of a ‘T12’ (Protecting
personnel carrying out activities on the line that do not affect the safety of the line), to facilitate these arrangements.


Glasgow Central station area
The following modified arrangements apply in respect of specific engineering work within the Glasgow Central station
area, as agreed beforehand, and specially identified in Section B of the Weekly Operating Notice.
The special form for recording details of modified possessions within Glasgow Central station area must be used (Section
7 is modified accordingly).
Protection arrangements associated with the possession must be carried out:
•      in full at the 'country' end of the possession
•      at the 'station' end, only ahead of those platforms that are occupied by trains.
If this protection prevents movement to an intermediate line or siding within the limits of the possession, no further
protection need be laid down.
If it is necessary for a possession within the station area as defined on the special form to continue within a reduced area
beyond the normal time for giving up such possessions (i.e. 07 00 hours), the details will be published as a separate item
in the Weekly Operating Notice. In this case, the following instructions must be carried out for the shortened possession
before the main station area possession is given up:
•      normal Module T3 procedures must be followed and the PICOP must record all details on the “Record of Possession
       Arrangements” form (RT3198/1)
•      the PICOP must make sure that the necessary protection is provided for the shortened possession and give the
       signaller an assurance when this has been done
•      the main station area possession may then be given up and the special form for recording details of modified
       possessions within Glasgow Central station area completed.
This arrangement may also be used when an overrun is likely to occur within the main station area possession, or any
emergency or other abnormal circumstance arises associated with this possession, if a clear understanding is reached
between all concerned. The special form for recording details of modified possessions must be suitably endorsed.
If a possession previously agreed as coming within the scope of the modified arrangements is amended by circular, such
modified arrangements cease to be applicable and normal Module T3 procedures must be observed.
West of Scotland SC has a list of PICOPs competent to carry out the above modified procedure.
Section 2.2 Taking possession around one or more engineering trains.

This instruction applies to locations that are not under Track Circuit Block Regulations.
Locations and signals permitted for taking possession around engineering trains
Central:
               Location                                 Signal                            Line

    Stirling Middle                      SM13                                Up
                                         Not applicable                      Down
    Stirling North                       N/A                                 Up




April 2010                                                       16
