                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC5



       SC093 - MOTHERWELL TO GREENHILL LOWER JUNCTION
       Motherwell To Mossend South Jn

       Motherwell TMD
       Traction Maintenance and Wagon Repair Depot - Movements to and from Shed siding - Where reference is made in
       the following instructions to "designated person", this means the person responsible for protection inside
                                                             the Shed, who
       is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters "DP" in black.

       1.When required to make a movement into the Shed on No.1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 or Fitting Shop siding, the driver must
         stop at the Stop Board.
       2.Movements past a Stop Board and movements out of the Shed on No.1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 or Fitting Shop siding must
         not be made until the designated person has personally given the shunter or driver an assurance that it is safe for the
         movement to commence.
       Motherwell TMD Level Crossing - Drivers must not bring their locomotives to a stand on the level crossing.
       When operating handpoints in the vicinity of the level crossing, drivers must bring their locomotives to a stand clear of the
       crossing in such a position that will enable them to observe that the crossing is clear before proceeding.
       Fuel point - Locomotives arriving at the fuel point must stop at the stop board. Movements past the stop board and
       movements out of the fuelling building must not be made until a member of the maintenance staff located at the fuel point
       has personally given the driver an assurance that it is safe for the movement to commence.
       Movements in the wrong direction towards the fuel point must not be made unless agreement has been reached between
       the traincrew supervisor (person in charge) and the maintenance shift manager. When agreement has been reached, the
       driver will then be instructed by the traincrew supervisor (person in charge) to proceed with the movement. In the event
       that the shift manager is not on duty, the traincrew supervisor (person in charge) will liaise directly with the fuel point staff
       before the movement is authorised.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC093 - MOTHERWELL TO GREENHILL LOWER JUNCTION
       Motherwell

       For the purposes of the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 26, there are no station limits and authorities are detailed as
       follows :-
       At or between    Lines             Remarks
       Down Braidhurst loop/ sidings
                        Up Coatbridge     445f (135m), or 235f (70m)
       signal M361, M371, M373,           without brake van.
       M375, M377, M379 and Up
       Coatbridge Limit of shunt
       indicator including Down shunt
       spur.


       Up Braidhurst goods loop - Movements to Findlay’s sidings must, where practicable, be made to No. 1 siding. All
       movements to the sidings must be positioned as near to the buffer stops as possible.
       Down Braidhurst goods loop - Locomotives, and locomotives with brake vans, must not stop on the Down Braidhurst
       goods loop for traincrew relief purposes but must proceed to the loco depot.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       SC093 - MOTHERWELL TO GREENHILL LOWER JUNCTION
       Mossend Yard

       Blockage of lines to electric trains
       Mossend Yard is specially nominated in accordance with NR/BS/LI/131 3.2.2.b.
       Up Yard headshunt - The signaller will obtain the permission of the Euroterminal supervisor before a movement is made
       from the Reception lines to the headshunt.
                                                           Dated: 06/06/09




       October 2009                  27
