                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC14



       Wagon Shop
       No. 1 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 2 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 3 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 4 Road        Stabling. Road extends into maintenance building.
       Additional stabling and carriage wash are provided at Network Rail controlled roads / sidings.
       Motorail Siding-Platform 0
                         Stabling. Controlled through NR Signal Centre.
       Millburn Wash Plant
                         Rail vehicle, bodyside cleaning. Controlled by NR signal centre.
       Harbour Road      Stabling. Controlled by NR Signal Centre, in liaison with the
                Designated Person.
       Rose St Curve     Mainline that runs through Depot. Controlled by NR Signal Centre.
       Facilities
       The following facilities are available within Inverness Depot and are defined under the Depot Work Plan, Depot Protection
       and Movements and Shunting Safety Plan documents.
         1.Depot Protection. Padlock system utilised with electric derailers and manual stops.
         2.Fuelling, tanking and CET.
         3.Level 1-5 maintenance.
         4.Vehicle jacking.
         5.Wheel Profiling by Mobiturn Lathe.
         6.Pit access (full and half depth)
         7.Underframe washing and vehicle decontamination.
         8.Road transportation transfer.
       Rail Vehicle Movements Into / Out of Depot Maintenance Roads and Sidings
       The Designated Person is responsible for protection arrangements within Inverness Depot boundary.
       The following instructions apply to rail vehicles approaching or leaving the T&RSD.
         1.No rail vehicle movement should be initiated to the T&RSD without first contacting the Designated Person.
         2.All rail vehicle movements in to, out of and within the boundary of Inverness Depot must be authorised by the
           Designated Person.
                                                          Dated: 18/03/2022




       October 2009                  34
