                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC14



INVERNESS T&RSD
Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”, this means the person responsible for
protection in the depot who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters “DP” in black.
Servicing Depot - Movements to and from Depot sidings - The following instructions apply to:-
Traction Maintenance Depot Sidings, Nos. 1 and 2
Carriage Maintenance Depot sidings, Nos. 1 and 2
1.   When required to make a movement into the Shed or sidings concerned, the driver must stop at the signal situated on
     the approach to the Shed Doors.
2.   The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at a
     stand at the signal. If the designated person has removed all the protection inside the Shed, opened the Shed doors
     and lowered the wheel stops, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed with the movement
     as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for any persons or obstructions.
3.   If, after the plunger has been depressed, the Shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to display a stop
     aspect, the shunter must request the designated person to remove the protection. When this has been done, the
     shunter, must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement may then
     proceed as far as the line is clear.
4.   A movement out of a Shed must not be started unless the signal concerned at the Shed door is showing a proceed
     aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as the line is
     clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train is not within the Shed in which case the shunter is
     responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
5.   No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and then
     only under direct supervision of the designated person.
6.   The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger except in the circumstances
     detailed in Clause 7.
7.   If the signals into or out of a Shed fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle must stop at the signal and must
     only proceed as far as the line is clear after the designated person has personally advised the driver and shunter that
     protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed.
Wagon Shop sidings Nos. 1 - 4 and Stores siding
1.   When required to make a movement into the Wagon Shop or Stores siding, the driver must stop at the stop board.
2.   Movements past a stop board and movements out of the Wagon Shop on sidings 1, 2, 3 and 4 or from the Stores
     siding must not be made until the designated person has personally given the Shunter or Driver an assurance that it is
     safe for the movement to commence.
Fuelling Road
The coupling/uncoupling of Class 15X units on this line is prohibited.
Additional instructions for movements to the Traction Maintenance depot and Fuelling Road
Prior to a movement being made to the Traction Maintenance Depot or the Fuelling Road, the person in charge of the
movement must obtain the permission of the person in charge at the depot for the movement to be made.
When required to make a movement into the depot or the fuelling road, the driver must stop at the stop board located at
the entrance to the depot or the Fuelling Road.
Movements beyond the stop board must not be made unless the designated person has personally given the person in
charge of the movement permission for the movement to proceed. The designated person must ensure that, in the case of
the Fuelling Road, the appropriate rail stop is in the lowered position.
Inverness Carriage Maintenance Depot
Prior to any movement from the Carriage Maintenance Depot which may proceed onto or foul the Harbour Road or
towards position light signal I716, the shunter must contact the signaller at Inverness signalling centre to ensure that no
movements have been signalled into the depot or Harbour Road, this includes signalled moves from position light signal
I736.
If the signaller advises that there are no movements signalled, the shunter may then authorise the driver to proceed onto
the Harbour Road or towards signal I716.
If the signaller advises that there is an incoming or Harbour Road movement signalled, the shunter must not authorise the
driver to move the train. The shunter must wait until the signalled movement has been made and again contact the
signaller as above.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/17



October 2009                                                 35
