Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC2



Movements at the London end of the Depot - The signaller at West of Scotland SC will inform the operations co-
ordinator, by telephone, of the approach of a train for the depot and request permission to allow the train to enter the
depot.
The operations co-ordinator must inform the signaller the class and destination of all outgoing movements.
The operations co-ordinator must advise the signaller at West of Scotland SC of any shunting movement which requires
the London end headshunt to be clear and request signal G818 to be cleared for the headshunt.
Propelling

All propelling movements at the London end of the Depot must be accompanied by two shunters.
Except when the shunting movement is controlled by shunting staff provided with radios, a train must not be propelled into
a Shed road or Departure siding at the London end unless the vehicle which will be leading is fitted with a brake valve and
a competent person is riding in such vehicle.
When the shunting staff are provided with radios, a train may be propelled from the London end headshunt to a Shed road
or Departure siding without a brake valve in the leading vehicle provided a shunter equipped with a radio, rides in the
leading vehicle to control the movement and is in communication with a second shunter equipped with a radio stationed in
the vehicle next to the locomotive or on the ground to handsignal the driver. During the movement, continuous instructions
must be given on the radio. Should radio instructions cease, the propelling movement must immediately be brought to a
stand.
Working over the Washing Plant road

Authority for movements from the Reception roads is given the operations co-ordinator. Traincrew must, on arrival at the
STOP board situated on the exit line from the sidings, communicate with the operations co-ordinator by telephone and
obtain permission to proceed onto the Washing Plant road.
A train being washed must not be brought to a stand on the Washing Plant road.
When passing through the carriage washing equipment, trains must not exceed 3 mph.
POLMADIE DOWN SIDE YARD

Train movement down side to up side

Polmadie down side yard is manned by a shunter from 2200 hrs to 0700 hrs. All movements into and out of the yard
remain under the supervision of the operations co-ordinator, who will liaise with the shunter and signaller as necessary.
In addition to normal empty coaching stock movements entering and departing the yard from the north end at G791 signal,
it will on occasion be necessary to make movements from the down side yard to the main facility on the up side. When
such movements are required they must be double manned, with a driver at either end of the train.
London end shunting movements
Due to the available standage between G827 signal & G828 signal being insufficient to accommodate 9 or 11 car class
390 Pendolino trains, the operations co-ordinator must contact the signaller on every occasion one of these units is to be
moved and request a proceed aspect on G828 signal to allow reversal of the train at G827 signal.
Glasgow end shunting movements

The available standage between G766 signal and G759 signal will only accommodate the reversal of a light locomotive
without G759 signal being cleared. Before making any movement at the Glasgow end of the depot involving more than
one vehicle, the operations co-ordinator must contact the signaller and request a proceed aspect on G759 signal to allow
reversal of the train at G766 signal.
Degraded operation

If, under exceptional circumstances, a train movement is required to be hauled by a single locomotive, this will involve a
propelling movement at either end of the depot. When this is necessary the operations co-ordinator must advise the
signaller before starting any movement of the method of working, at which stage the train will be propelled and how the
movement will be managed by the driver and shunter. The operations co-ordinator is responsible for setting up a safe
system of working between the driver and shunter and liaising with the signaller under these circumstances.
                                                                                                           Dated: 16/07/18




October 2009                                                 78
