                                                            OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



The normal position of the switches on the panel is as follows :-
        Type of switch                      Normal position                     Reverse position

             Points                                Left                                Right
             Signals                             Vertical                           Horizontal


An occurrence book must be maintained to record signal disconnections, failures of equipment and any other exceptional
circumstances.
Blockage of lines to electric trains - Craigentinny T&RSD is specially nominated in accordance with NR/BS/LI/131
3.2.2.b.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/17

SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
EDINBURGH WAVERLEY, PLATFORM 7

If platforms 8 and 9 are unavailable, 9, 10 & 11 car Class 390s may be signalled into platform 7 via Platform 11 when
arriving from the West end. A Car Stop Marker is installed to provide stopping points for the Class 390 9, 10 & 11 cars.
                                                                                                          Dated: 15/02/20

SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
EDINBURGH WAVERLEY

Calton Tunnels – protection of staff by lockout – The tunnel lockouts are of the ‘key enabled’ type. To activate any of
these lockouts, the COSS must obtain the appropriate key, for the North or South tunnel, from the lockfast cabinet at
either Abbeyhill Jn. (Down side access point) or at the Waverley end of the tunnels (Down South line between tunnel
portal and signal E815). When operated, the lockout will provide protection between the appropriate tunnel portals.
Calton North Tunnel - Down line Marker Lights - 19 electric bulkhead marker lights are provided on the wall of Calton
North tunnel, Down side of the line, commencing 8 yards from the Craigentinny end of the tunnel and extending at
intervals of 25 yards to 8 yards from the Waverley end of the tunnel.
These lights are provided to assist drivers of Down trains to determine their direction of travel when adverse conditions
prevail in the tunnel.
Working of Coaching Stock Vehicles without a brake van - Working of fitted coaching stock vehicles without a brake
van is authorised as shown below, subject to any special conditions listed :-
                From                                   To                             Line                 Remarks

        Craigentinny T&RSD                   Edinburgh Waverley                  Down Berwick                 ECS
        Edinburgh Waverley                   Craigentinny T&RSD                   Up Berwick                  ECS


Electrical Isolation of Overhead Line Equipment on platform 4 line - When platform 4 line at Waverley station requires
to be isolated, this must be in accordance with the instructions contained in RT/E/S29987 (Local Isolation and Earthing of
25 kV AC. Overhead Line Equipment.)
The shift manager at Edinburgh signalling centre must be requested to provide the necessary signal protection and an
assurance to this effect must be received before the isolation is imposed.
The shift manager at Edinburgh signalling centre must be advised when the line is re-energised.
South siding – Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the buffer stop when the siding is clear throughout.




October 2009                                                  48
