                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



         6.When departing the servicing road, all protection must have been removed by the responsible person and
           checked by the Depot Operator prior to the movement taking place.
         7.The warning horn must be used when commencing a vehicle movement.
         8.Vehicles must stop 2 metres from any other vehicle or 2 metres from the buffer ends. Increase to 5 metres for
           HST’s.
         9.Clear all points that become facing, prior to reversing, unless completely unavoidable (i.e. HST’s). Where all
           points cannot be cleared, visually check those points are set correctly for the reverse movement.
       General
       This details the procedures to be applied when Sets/vehicles arrive at Millerhill Depot to ensure safety of staff, vehicles
       and infrastructure whilst administering anti-freeze and lubricating oils to units. There is also CET and freshwater filling
       points on each of the servicing roads.
         1. Servicing activities at Millerhill Depot are undertaken on the servicing roads
         2. CET servicing aprons are situated between each road 4 thru 9 within Millerhill Depot.
         3. The Servicer is made aware of which units/vehicles will present for fuelling and servicing by the Yard Coordinator
            (YC), who in turn is informed by Control prior to arrivals
         4. No units will present at Millerhill Depot for servicing without prior notification being given to the Yard Co-ordinator.
       Arrival at Servicing Point
         1. The YC gives permission for the unit to enter the depot. The Signaller either puts the unit in via the slot board or
            the telephone as instructed by the YC.
         2. The YC will select the road the unit will be entered into.
         3. The mainline driver will proceed to the designated Stop Board
         4. The main line driver will hand over the set to Depot Operator
         5. The YC will then instruct Depot Operator to move set into Millerhill Depot.
         6. The YC or Depot Operator will control the move.
         7. The Depot Operator will move the unit into the required service point.
         8. The YC will instruct the Depot Operator when a move is required via Depot Radio.
       Stopping in Position (numerous positions) for Servicing
         1. Unit will stop as per the Stop Boards situated as requested by Servicer (depending on type of unit requiring
            servicing).
         2. Whilst unit is stopped the brakes are placed in the full position and engines are shut down
         3. The Servicer shall confirm with the Depot Operator that the unit is the correct position and that servicing is safe to
            commence.
         4. If unit must be repositioned the Servicer will communicate with the Depot Operator face to face.
       Completion of Servicing and Exiting Service Point
         1. The Servicer will communicate with the Depot Operator that servicing is complete and the unit is ready for a
            move
         2. The Depot Operator will radio YC to advise that the unit is ready to leave the servicing area. The Yard
            Coordinator will then advise where the unit needs to be stabled.
                                                          Date: 18/06/2022

       SC161 - MILLERHILL YARD TO PORTOBELLO
       NEWCRAIGHALL
       Where traincrew require to change cabs on arrival at this station, the following instructions must be carried out :-
       The driver must:
       • remain in the leading cab on arrival at Newcraighall until the conductor arrives, and
       • on arrival of the conductor at the leading cab, proceed to the cab at the opposite end of the train, mobilise that cab
         and tell the conductor that he/she (the driver) has control of the train.
       The conductor must:
       • after carrying out door operations, proceed to the leading cab, and
       • remain in the leading cab after the departure of the driver, prepared to operate the emergency brake if the train
         moves, and
       • after the driver has confirmed that he/she has taken control of the train at the opposite end, leave the cab and carry
         out station/train operations as normal.
       If the driver requires to leave the cab of a train at the platform other than as detailed above, he/she must first remove the
       drivers control key.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                 59
