                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       Stranraer Yard GF

       The yard connection is worked from a ground frame controlled by the section token. A subsidiary token instrument is
       provided in a hut at the ground frame and the instrument must be operated in accordance with instructions exhibited in the
       hut.
       In order to minimise blockage of the level crossing over the access road to Messrs Stockton Haulage Ltd’s railhead by
       trains when departing from the rounding loop, such trains must, when the length inclusive of locomotive(s) exceeds 340f
       (100m), be held back clear of the level crossing and not allowed forward to the ground frame until the person in charge of
       the movement has obtained the necessary authority from the signaller at Stranraer Harbour for the train to be worked on
       the main line.
       When it is necessary to make a train movement over the level crossing, the person in charge of the movement must
       appoint a person at or near the level crossing such that any vehicle or person approaching can be seen and prevented
       from using the crossing until the movement has been completed. When shunting radios are in use, it will not be necessary
       to appoint an additional person in the vicinity of the crossing.
       Empty wagons removed from Stockton’s sidings will be placed in the Cattlebank or Ewings siding by the firm’s locomotive.
       On completion of this, the firm’s locomotive will be stabled in McCormack’s siding prior to the arrival of the loaded train.
       Loaded wagons must be placed in Stockton’s sidings by the freight company on arrival at Stranraer. Thereafter, the freight
       locomotive must be stabled in Ewings siding. The person in charge of the movement must then give Stockton’s staff in
       charge of the firm’s locomotive an assurance that no movement will be made by the freight locomotive while the firm’s
       locomotive is returning to Stockton’s sidings.
       Should a movement enter the yard while the firm’s locomotive is in the yard, such movement must be brought to a stand
       and the person in charge of the movement must reach a clear understanding with Stockton’s staff in charge of the firm’s
       locomotive before any further movement is made.
       Where it is necessary to make a movement with an engineer’s machine/trolley from the Shed road, the operator must
       ensure that the firm’s locomotive is at a stand and will remain at a stand until such movement is completed. The person in
       charge of the firm’s locomotive will, similarly, request an assurance from the machine/trolley operator that no movement
       will be made whilst the firm’s locomotive is working within the yard.
       The Cattlebank, Ewings and McCormacks sidings must be kept free of traffic and used only for stabling of Stockton’s
       traffic (except where the freight locomotive is stabled in Ewings siding as above).
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                 78
