Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1



4.3      Entries to be made in the Train Register/Occurrence Book
When signal protection has been given the signaller must make an entry in the Train Register :
                  "Traffic suspended for track cleaning on .................. Platform/Line
                  Commenced ................. (time)        Completed ................. (time)
                  The person in charge must record the details in the book specially provided.
4.4      Endorsement of Entries in Train Register/Occurrence Book
Before permitting track cleaning to start, the person in charge must ask the signaller to read back the entry and when
satisfied that it is correct, he must repeat his name, department, place from where he is speaking and the time. The
signaller must endorse the entry accordingly.
The person in charge must then place a red lamp between the rails of each line concerned opposite the top of the platform
ramps.
Staff may then be allowed to go on the track to commence cleaning.
5.       DURING TRACK CLEANING

5.1      Interruption of Track Cleaning
If for any reason it is necessary to stop track cleaning before completion, the signaller and person in charge must confer
as necessary and come to a clear understanding about the arrangements which apply. The person in charge must ensure
that all staff have returned to the platform, then remove the lamps from the track and advise the signaller when this has
been done.
5.2      Change of Person in Charge
5.2.1   Should it be necessary to change the person in charge before track cleaning is complete, the persons concerned
must reach a clear understanding as to the arrangements for the protection of track cleaning. The special book provided
must be endorsed accordingly.
5.2.2     The person in charge must advise the signaller concerned that he has been relieved, giving the name and
department of his relief. The signaller must record this information in the Train Register / Occurrence Book together with
the time.
6.       WHEN TRACK CLEANING IS COMPLETED

6.1      Before trains are allowed to enter the line(s)
6.1.1    When track cleaning is completed, the person in charge must ensure      that all staff have returned to the
platform, then remove the lamps    from the track and advise the signaller when this has been done.
The signaller and person in charge must record the completion time in the Train Register / Occurrence Book and Special
Book provided respectively.
7.        The signaller must specially observe the operation of any track circuits during the passage of the first train over
the lines affected by track cleaning.
NOTE : Where reference is made to signals being maintained at Danger and reminder appliances being used this applies
to the "track blocked" facility, as provided in areas of Radio Electronic Token Block.
                                                                                   Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 26/03/11


COACHING STOCK VEHICLES - MOVEMENT IN SIDINGS
Coaching stock vehicles must not be taken round very sharp curves in sidings, nor must they be shunted into a siding
where there is anything likely to come into contact with them such as loading banks, sheds, ends of buildings etc., unless
such vehicles have been previously tested and ample room exists to permit the vehicle or vehicles to pass in and out
without risk of damage, this stock being wider than freight stock.
                                                                                   Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




April 2010                                                   37
