Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC5


SC093 - MOTHERWELL TO GREENHILL LOWER JUNCTION
Coatbridge Jn To Gartsherrie South Jn
COATBRIDGE FREIGHTLINER TERMINAL
The clearing of the inlet signal for a train to proceed into the terminal will indicate to the person in charge of the movement
that all crane working has creased and the relative hand points are properly set. The Rule Book, Module SS2 is modified
accordingly.
The speed of trains entering and leaving the terminal must not exceed 5 m.p.h., and great care must be exercised when
passing under the crane structures.
After an incoming train has been brought to a stand in the respective siding, the person in charge of the movement must,
before uncoupling the locomotive, apply one handbrake at the Northern most end of the terminal.
When a train arrives at the Gartsherrie end of the terminal, a member of the terminal staff will meet the train at the North
Gate rail entrance, and issue the driver with a radio. The propelling movement of the train into the terminal will be
controlled by radio in accordance with Module SS2 of the Rule Book.
The locomotive of a Down arriving freightliner train must be brought to a stand at a point opposite the North end entrance
to the terminal in order that a radio can be issued to the driver by the shunter.
When an Up direction train requires to detach vehicles at the terminal, a member of the terminal staff will issue a radio to
the driver at signal GMW238 (Up fast) and the propelling movement into the terminal will be controlled by Radio in
accordance with Module SS2 of the Rule Book.
The person in charge of a movement requiring to enter these sidings must, before authorising the train to commence the
movement from the main line to the sidings, obtain an assurance from the firm's representative that the sidings are clear of
obstructions, shunting operations using the road vehicle have ceased and the road vehicle has been set aside clear of
the sidings, and all hand points are correctly set. The firm's representative will take up a suitable position inside the
terminal to assist in controlling the movement by handsignal. The Rule Book, Module SS2 is modified accordingly.
When a departing train has come to a stand on the Down line and the ground frame has been restored, the person in
charge of the movement may, after observing the provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2, handsignal the driver to
commence a set back movement whilst remaining at the ground frame. The locomotive must be stopped at the ground
frame to enable the person in charge of the movement to join the train. The Rule Book, Module SS2 is modified
accordingly. Staff in the vicinity of Russell's sidings must exercise care and be aware that departing trains will set back on
the Down line.
                                                                                                            Dated: 03/04/18

SC093 - MOTHERWELL TO GREENHILL LOWER JUNCTION
CUMBERNAULD
Down siding - Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the relevant car stop marker.
Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the Signaller when the train is ready to depart from the siding by operating
the Train Ready To Start (TRTS) plunger. A train must not draw forward towards exit signal CN652 unless that signal is
exhibiting a proceed aspect or permission has been obtained from the signaller for the movement to be made.
                                                                                                            Dated: 12/10/13

SC103 - GARNQUEEN NORTH JN TO COWLAIRS WEST JN
Sighthill East Jn To Railcare (Springburn Sidings)
Movements between Sighthill East Jn. and the Arrival / Departure headshunt must be drawn in each direction.
If a track circuit fails on the Arrival / Departure line, the person in charge of each movement proceeding to the Works must
advise the signaller at Edinburgh IECC Cowlairs Workstation when the train has passed beyond the notice board on the
single line, into the yard area, complete with tail lamp. The telephone at signal CS621 must be used for this purpose.
                                                                                                            Dated: 06/10/13

 SC103 - GARNQUEEN NORTH JN TO COWLAIRS WEST JN
SPRINGBURN STATION
Platform one turnback moves
Signal CS405 is located on the Up Springburn at Springburn Station platform 1 and is provided for down direction moves.
During perturbed working this signal is utilised for reversing moves. Diesel Multiple Unit formations of 6 vehicles are
prohibited from reversing at Springburn platform 1. There are alternative facilities available on platform 2 for reversing
moves and these shall be used instead.
This does not affect the proposed introduction of reversing moves for 6 vehicle EMU services in either platform 1 or
platform 2 at Springburn following energisation of the new electrification.
                                                                                                            Dated: 12/01/14

October 2009                                                  28
