                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       TROON To PRESTWICK INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

       Prestwick Airport - Trip wire at approach to runway - A trip wire commencing approximately 130 yards on the
       approach to Down line signal PA313 and extending for a distance of 800 yards beyond that signal is provided on the Down
       side of the railway, 18 feet above rail level running parallel with the Down line.
       If a breakage of the wire occurs, Down line signals PB291 and PA313 and Up line signals PA316 and PA314 will be
       placed to or maintained at danger.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       Newton Jn To AYR
       AYR MAINTENANCE DEPOT
       Movements to and from Shed sidings - Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”
       this means the person responsible for protection inside the Shed, who is identified by an orange armband bearing the
       letters “DP” in black.
       1.When required to make a movement into the Shed on any of Nos.1 to 6 (inclusive) sidings, the driver must stop at the
         Stop Board.
       2.Movements past a Stop Board and movements out of the shed on any of Nos.1 to 6 (inclusive) sidings must not be
         made until the designed person has personally given the person in charge of the movement an assurance that it is
         safe for the movement to commence.
       Securing of vehicles - Vehicles must not be left on the siding adjacent to the Newton Jn to Mauchline (Goods Line)
       unless they have been secured and scotched.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       AYR
       When it is necessary for two trains to occupy either platform 3 or platform 4 simultaneously for connectional/combining
       purposes, the driver must be prepared to stop at the point indicated by the handsignaller on the platform.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06


       SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
       AYR To Dalrymple Jn

       AYR TOWNHEAD

       Ayr Townhead Depot is the primarily utilised for Train Presentation activities and rail vehicle stabling.
       Rail vehicles enter Ayr Townhead Depot via the headshunt controlled by the signal (no number).
       Rail vehicles leave Ayr Townhead Depot via signal numbers 854 and 856.
       The points and signals to enter and exit the depot are controlled by the signaller.
       All rail vehicle movements within the boundary of Ayr Townhead Depot are made under the control of the Depot
       Operations staff and are recorded on the Depot Radio system. All points within the boundary of Ayr Townhead Depot are
       manually operated by Depot Operations staff.
       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within the Depot boundaries is 5mph except through the Carriage Wash
       where the speed limit is 3mph.There are 10 Roads within Ayr Townhead Depot Boundary.




       October 2009                 76
