                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6



       Rail Vehicles departing from Cadder Depot – West Departure
       Once the Driver has requested departure instructions, the YC interposes the headcode into the train describer – the YC
       will type berth number 0511 followed by the train headcode, then select interpose (berth 0511 is for signal CE511).
       To delete headcode, type berth number 0511 followed by the headcode and then select cancel.
       Rail Vehicles departing from Cadder Depot – East Departure
       Once the Driver has requested departure instructions, the YC interposes the headcode into the train describer - the YC will
       type berth number 0508 followed by the train headcode, then select interpose (berth 0508 is for signal CG508).
       To delete headcode, type berth number 0508 followed by the headcode and then select cancel.
       Note:If there is any faults or human error with the operation of the Train Describer, press the RESET button to reboot
       the system.
       Note:When the driver has requested departure instructions from the YC, they must request the Driver to press the
       TRTS 5 minutes before booked departure time, when departing from West or East.
       Entry to CET/Fuel roads
       The YC or Depot Operator will control the move.
       The Depot Operator will move the unit into the required service point.
       The YC will instruct the Depot Operator when a move is required via Depot Radio.
       Agreed communication will be by Depot Radio between YC and Depot Operator.
       Stopping in Position (numerous positions) for Servicing
       Unit will stop as per the Stop Boards situated in the CET/Fuel Road or as requested by Servicer (depending on type of unit
       requiring servicing).
       Whilst unit is stopped the brakes are placed in the full position and engines are shut down
       The Servicer shall confirm with the Depot Operator that the unit is the correct position and that servicing is safe to
       commence.
       If unit must be repositioned the Servicer will communicate with the Depot Operator face to face.
       Completion of Servicing and Exiting Service Point
       The Servicer will communicate with the Depot Operator that servicing is complete and the unit is ready for a move
       The Depot Operator will radio YC to advise that the unit is ready to leave the Fuel Shed. The Yard Coordinator will then
       advise where the unit needs to be stabled.
       Miscellaneous Instructions for Cadder Depot
       The automatic brake must normally be working on all rail vehicles during rail vehicle movements.
       It is forbidden to walk between stabled units / vehicles unless as part of a recognised work activity and all necessary
       protection is in place. Crossing must be 15m in front of lead vehicle on the road, or behind buffer if applicable, using
       authorised walking routes / crossing points wherever possible.
       Staff must not remain between vehicles during any “ease up” movements.
       Loose shunting of vehicles is prohibited.
       Rail vehicles that have had brakes isolated for shunting purposes must have the brakes reinstated and / or have scotches
       applied sufficient to hold the rail vehicles securely before the assisting vehicle is detached.
       If it is impossible to through-brake a vehicle which must be shunted (i.e., brake gear missing, damaged braking system,
       etc.) the YC must be advised before the movement takes place.
       Extreme care should be exercised, and movements carried out at walking pace. The Shunter, in the event of a
       “breakaway”, should, from a position of safety, give a series of short sharp blasts on a whistle. The movement of un-
       braked rail vehicles onto Network Rail controlled infrastructure is strictly prohibited.
                                                         Dated: 18/06/2022




       October 2009                 53D
