                                                            OFFICIAL


                                       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9




SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
CRIANLARICH TEP

Joining and splitting of trains - The following arrangements apply :-
Joining - The first train to enter the platform must be brought to a stand at the far end of the station and return the token.
The second train will be issued with a 'Loop Occupied' token at Fillan or Lower Crianlarich, as the case may be, and the
driver reminded, when being given permission to proceed, that the loop line is occupied. In the event of a failure of all cab
equipment in the second train, a special authority card may be used provided Clause (a) on the special authority card is
endorsed 'Loop Occ'.
Splitting - Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must be entered in the system.
After the first train has passed clear of the loop line, the rear train may draw forward to the combined stop board / points
set indicator provided station duties have been completed, all is in order for the train to commence the movement and the
conductor has sent the bell / buzzer code 6, to the driver. Before requesting a token to proceed, the driver must advise
the signaller that he is at a stand at the stop board.
If only one radio is operational on the train, it may be split but the portion with the working radio must proceed to Oban. If
all radios are non-operational but the radio / signalling system is still in working order in the Crianlarich area, the train must
not be split but proceed to Fort William in accordance with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines
Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work
and Others Concerned.
If splitting requires to take place during the period of a failure of the radio / signalling system affecting all trains in the
Crianlarich area prior to the introduction of RETB Working by Pilotman, each portion may be allowed to proceed from
Crianlarich in accordance with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic
Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned.
'Loop Occupied' tokens - The Up direction 'Loop Occupied' tokens available for issue at Fillan and Lower Crianlarich
must only be used for booked joining and splitting of Sprinter trains at Crianlarich and for providing assistance to a train
which has failed in the Up loop at Crianlarich.
Junction and North end loop points - The hydraulic spring-controlled North end crossing loop points are train-operated
in accordance with the standard arrangements for RETB crossing loops. The junction points are power operated clamp
lock points, and are plunger operated for Down direction movements and track circuit operated for Up direction
movements.
Two pairs of plungers are provided at the North end of the station at the bottom of the platform ramp, one pair in
association with the Down loop 'Points Set' indicator, and one pair in association with the Up loop 'Points Set' indicator.
These plungers must be operated only under the instructions of the signaller at Banavie signalling centre. Pressing the
left-hand plunger of a pair of plungers sets the junction points for the Oban branch. Pressing the right-hand plunger of a
pair of plungers sets the points for the main West Highland line for Upper Tyndrum. The illumination of the appropriate
'Points Set' indicator together with the correct route indication - 'B' for the branch or 'M' for the main line - after the
operation of a plunger, prove that the junction points are correctly set and locked for the route chosen. Only the pair of
plungers at the 'Points Set' indicator at which the train is standing can be used.
a)   Down direction trains - When the driver of a Down direction train has been issued with a token and is ready to
     proceed, the signaller will authorise the driver to select the correct route at the same time as permission to proceed is
     given.
If either of these indications fail to illuminate when a plunger is operated, or if the indications illuminate but extinguish
before the train can proceed past the 'Points Set' indicator, then the driver must communicate with the signaller and act in
accordance with his instructions.
b)   Up direction trains - If the driver of an Up direction train on the main or branch line finds that the 'Points Set' indicator
     on the approach to Crianlarich is displaying a single red flashing aspect or is not illuminated, he must immediately
     inform the signaller at Banavie signalling centre who will instruct him to unlock the lockfast box beside the indicator
     post and report the indications displayed inside. The driver must then act in accordance with the instructions of the
     signaller, and must not proceed past the indicator without the verbal permission of the signaller. Instruction 8 of the
     Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out
     Engineering Work and Others Concerned, is modified accordingly. When such verbal permission is given, the
     driver must not proceed until he has relocked the box and confirmed to the signaller that this has been done.
c)    Failure of North end loop points - When the 'Points Set' indicator displays a single red flashing aspect or is not
     illuminated, the driver of an Up direction train is instructed by the signaller at Banavie signalling centre to manually
     operate the North end loop points, he must operate the points to the required position and clamp and scotch them in
     that position. An assurance must be given to the signaller at Banavie signalling centre when this has been done. The
     driver must not pass the 'Points Set' indicator unless the signaller at Banavie signalling centre has given permission to
     do so and the lockfast box at the 'Points Set' indicator has been relocked. When the train has passed clear of the




October 2009                                                    54
