                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




LINES WORKED BY THE TRACK CIRCUIT BLOCK
SYSTEM
The following instructions apply:-
1.       Rule Book, Module P2, Section 1

1.2      Working of single lines by Pilotman
In the case of track circuit failures, working by pilotman is not required on single lines in Scotland except between the
undernoted places :-
Gretna Jn and Annan
Bank Jn and Greenburn Jn
2.5      Intermediate sidings
When there is an intermediate connection in a section of single line worked by the Track Circuit Block system the pilotman
must ensure that the points are correctly set, clipped, padlocked and scotched before trains are allowed to pass over
them, if necessary, by accompanying the first train to pass through the section.
                                                                               Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06



LIT HOPPER BALLAST TRAINS
Train No. 1, located at Perth, consists of 9 Seacows and 1 Stingray wagon equalling 10 wagons in total.
Train No. 2, located at Rutherglen, consists of 4 Seacows and 1 Stingray wagon equalling 5 wagons in total.
Train No. 3, located at Millerhill, consists of 4 Seacows and 1 Stingray wagon equalling 5 wagons in total.
Each of the vehicles is equipped with twelve lights:- two overhead at each platform end of the wagon, one on each corner
located by the steps, four in the hopper chutes and two located below the wagon at the centre chutes. When the train is
travelling to and from the work site, the overhead and corner lights may be illuminated. This does not require the signaller
or any other staff to arrange to stop the train for examination. During unloading at the work site all twelve lights on each
vehicle will be illuminated. Drivers of passing trains and other staff must understand that this is normal operation.
Should the vehicle formation on any of these trains require to be split or joined, a member of the technical staff must be
present to advise proper handling of the electrical light connections.
                                                                               Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


LOCKING OF EXTERNAL DOORS ON SLAM DOOR
PASSENGER STOCK - TAPING OF HANDLES
When it is necessary to place suitably conspicuous tape over the outside handle in accordance with the Rule Book,
Module TW5, Section 6, the following procedure applies.
The supplies of tape will be kept at stations and the taping of the handle must be carried out at the next booked passenger
stop where tape is available. Trains must not be stopped specially for the purpose of taping handles.
The tape must be applied around the external defective handle and extended to and around the adjacent fixed handrail so
that the tape adheres to itself, rather than attempting to stick it to the door surface which could be oily.
The tape should obscure the door from view so that passengers do not make any attempt to join the train by that door.
                                                                               Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13




April 2010                                                 62
