Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6




SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
FALKIRK HIGH)
Length of trains – Passenger trains composed of power operated door stock working into or out of Queen Street must
meet the platform requirements listed below:
• Platform 1 – max 4 coaches (98 metres)
• Platform 2 – max 7 coaches (171 metres)
• Platform 3 – max 8 coaches (196 metres)
• Platform 4 – max 8 coaches (196 metres)
• Platform 5 – max 7 coaches (171 metres)
• Platform 6 – max 6 coaches (147 metres)
• Platform 7 – max 8 coaches (196 metres)
Shunting operations with vehicles conveying passengers - When a shunting movement is about to take place with
vehicles conveying passengers, the person in charge must on every occasion advise the signaller of the movement to be
made.
Platform markers – For diesel traction only Stop markers are provided on the immediate approach to the buffer stops
as under :-
Platform 1 – A yellow painted marker on the platform surface. Drivers of all diesel multiple units must bring their train to a
stand with the cab droplight window adjacent to the marker.
Platforms 2-7 – Marker poles painted with yellow and black bands are provided in the six-foot between adjacent platforms.
Drivers of all diesel multiple unit trains proceeding towards the buffer stops must bring their train to a stand with the cab
droplight window in line with the appropriate marker pole.
Starting with assisting locomotive in rear of train - The Rule Book, Module SS1, Section 3 and Module TW1, Section
15 do not apply at Queen Street (High Level) and traincrews concerned must act as follows.
The guard in charge of the train on receiving permission to start from the person in charge, must exhibit a green hand
signal to the driver of the assisting locomotive and thereafter repeat the signal to the driver of the train locomotive.
Indicators, normally out, are provided on 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 platforms. When the appropriate platform signal has been
cleared for a train to proceed, an OFF indication will be exhibited.
The driver of the train locomotive on receiving a green hand signal from the guard must, provided the appropriate signals
have been cleared for the train to proceed, start away slowly so that the work of the front and rear locomotives may be
equalised. The driver of a locomotive assisting in rear on receipt of a green hand signal from the guard must not
commence to assist unless the appropriate indicator is showing OFF or he has been verbally instructed by the person in
charge when the indicator is inoperative.
When the indicator is inoperative, the person in charge must instruct the driver of a locomotive assisting in rear not to
commence assisting on receipt of a green hand signal from the guard, but to be prepared to assist when the train begins
to move forward.
Protection of staff by lockout – Lockouts are provided as follows :-
Platform 1; Platforms 2/3 ; Platforms 4/5 ; Platforms 6/7
The lockout cabinets are located at the buffer end of the platform(s) concerned.
When operated, the lockout will block the platform line(s) between the buffer stops and the corresponding platform ends.
Queen Street (High Level) platform lockouts - alternative procedure
Where a platform lockout is to be used under the alternative arrangements detailed in the General Instructions under the
heading “Protection of Staff on or about the line by Lockout”, for the type of work specified, the procedure detailed
below is additional to the requirements of the Rule Book, Module T10.
The General Instructions headed “CLEANING TRACK AREAS IN STATIONS” do not apply.
The agreement of the ScotRail Station Duty Manager is necessary before platform lines are blocked to traffic.
When work is to take place on a train, or a train is standing in the platform line(s) to be protected by the lockout, a "Not to
be Moved" board must be securely fitted to the driver's cab in such a position that it is clearly visible to the driver of the
train as well as being visible along the platform.




October 2009                                                  58
