Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6




General
The term ‘platform lockout’ within these instructions also covers other lines / sidings within the station area, Calton Tunnel
(excl) to Mound Tunnel (excl), which are subject to these procedures. It does not include tunnel lockouts which are
detailed separately.
Throughout these instructions, the term ‘signalling centre manager’ means the regulator (when on duty), or shift manager,
as appropriate.
The agreement of the signalling centre manager is necessary before platform lines (or other lines within the station area)
are blocked to traffic.
The operation of the lockout key prevents signal routes to and from the affected platform(s) being cleared by the signaller.
The lockout key is locked in the appropriate lockfast cabinet and the lockout key can only be released with the co-
operation of the signaller.
A lockout key may also provide protection for the adjoining (platform) line(s). The lines affected by operation of a lockout
key are shown within the cabinet containing the lockout key.
When work is to take place on a train, or a train is standing in a platform line(s) to be protected by the lockout, the person
requiring the blockage must arrange to provide protection on the train / vehicles as shown in Rule Book, Module T10.


Method of Protection
Imposing the blockage
When it is necessary to block a platform line to protect staff, the following procedure must be carried out:
(a)       Before work starts, the permission of the signalling centre manager must be obtained by the person requiring the
          blockage. If the signalling centre manager is satisfied that the working of the station will not be unduly disrupted
          during the blockage he will give the person requiring the blockage permission to telephone the signaller from the
          appropriate lockout cabinet and also give that person a task number to quote to the signaller.
(b)       The person requiring the blockage must:
          •    unlock the appropriate lockfast cabinet
          •    telephone the signaller giving his name, employing organisation and the task number he has been given
          •    ask for the appropriate platform blockage
          •    tell the signaller for how long this will be required
          The signaller will record this detail.
(c)       When the signaller is able to grant the blockage, a green indication in the cabinet will illuminate and the person
          requiring protection must press the button and, simultaneously, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet.
          If the green indication has extinguished, the person requiring protection must:
          •    confirm to the signaller that the lockout key is in his possession
          •    ask the signaller to read him the entry he has made and, if satisfied this is correct, repeat his name and
               employing organisation and task number allocated.
          •    relock the cabinet.
(d)       If the signaller cannot agree to giving the release when, or soon after, requested, he will liaise with the signalling
          centre manager as to when the work can be allowed to commence.


(Item continued on next page)




October 2009                                                     51
