                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC2



Heavy Repair Depot roads Nos 16 - 17 auto wheel stops and stop boards. North end.
Down Holding siding No 4 (derailer mid line and depot protection signal)
Down Holding sidings Nos 5 - 8 (no wheel stops)
When not in use, the special ‘STOP’ boards will be in the lowered position i.e. horizontal, between the rails and the wheel
stops will be clear of the rail.
When work is being carried out, the special ‘STOP’ boards will be secured in the upright position and the wheel stops
where provided, will be placed over the rails. Rail movements are prohibited on roads/sidings protected in this manner.
If it is necessary for a movement to be made to, or from, a road or siding protected as above, such movement must not be
made until the operations co-ordinator has been authorised to do so by the shift production manager and the operations
co-ordinator has personally given the shunter or driver an assurance that it is safe for the movement to commence, after
the appropriate boards (or gates) and wheel stops, where provided, have been lowered / moved clear of the rails.
Protection of staff on Maintenance Shed roads 5 to 9

Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”, this means the person responsible for
protection inside the maintenance shed, who is the operations co-ordinator on duty.
    When required to move vehicles into the shed on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the depot protection signal
       situated on the approach to the shed doors.
    When the operations co-ordinator has removed all the protection inside the shed, opened the shed doors and
       operated the derailers clear of the rail concerned using the zone green protection system, the signal will show a
       proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed with the movement as far as the line is clear keeping a constant
       look out at all times for persons or obstructions.
    To enable a movement to be made out of the shed the operations co-ordinator will manage the derailer, klaxon and
        signal using the zone green safety panel located within the building relevant to the line concerned. The
        movement must not be started unless the depot protection signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect and the
        conditions detailed in clause 5 have been met. The movement must only proceed as far as the line is clear.
        These instructions also apply when the whole of the locomotive is not within the shed, in which case the
        operations co-ordinator is responsible for advising the driver when the shed exit signal concerned is showing a
        proceed aspect.
    No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure of the
        depot protection system, and then only under personal supervision of the operations co-ordinator
    If the depot protection system fails maintaining signals into or out of the shed at danger when a movement is required,
          the movement must stop at the depot protection signal concerned and must only proceed as far as the line is
          clear after the operations co-ordinator has personally advised the driver that the protection on the line concerned
          has been removed and the stop aspect may be passed at caution.
Note

An audio-visual warning system is provided within the maintenance building to alert depot staff to any rail movement on
the maintenance shed lines.
The passing of a maintenance shed line treadle on a line where the depot protection signal is showing a proceed aspect
will start the sequence of lights and bleeping on the line concerned, warning staff of the imminent movement on that line.
Movements to and from the Depot

Departure Sidings/Shed roads (Glasgow end)

When it is necessary to signal a train into the Departure sidings or the Shed roads at the Glasgow end, the signaller at
West of Scotland SC will obtain the permission of the operations co-ordinator, by telephone. Such permission must not be
given until it has been ascertained that all is in order and the responsible person must ensure all hand points facing to the
movement are set and correctly fitting for the movement to enter the siding or Shed road concerned.
Through movements to the London end of the departure sidings must not be permitted unless in an emergency, and only
then under the supervision of the operations co-ordinator.
The operations co-ordinator must inform the signaller the class and destination of all outgoing movements from the depot.
Shed roads 5 to 9 (Glasgow end) - Due to the limited clearances when passing through the shed doors at the Glasgow
end of roads 7, 8 and 9, all train windows, including driver’s cab windows, must be fully closed before any movement
through these doors and must be maintained fully closed until the movement has passed clear of the door concerned. All
employees must stand clear of approaching trains and must avoid standing where there is limited clearance.




October 2009                                                 77
