                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC13




       SC193 - PERTH TO INVERNESS
       INVERNESS T&RSD

       Inverness Depot provides stabling, fuelling, servicing, maintenance and repair to ScotRail operated DMU and HST fleets.
       Also, fuelling and maintenance of other TOC vehicles per contract.
       All signals for entry and exit to the Depot are controlled by the Network Rail Signaller.
       Rail vehicles enter Inverness Depot from the South via signals I713 and I397, and from the North via signal I424.
       Rail vehicles leave Inverness Depot to the South via signals I716 and I724, and to the North via signal I733.
       All rail vehicle movements in to, out of and within the boundary of Inverness Depot are made under the control and
       authority of the Designated Person.
       All points within the boundary of Inverness Depot are manually operated by Depot Staff.
       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within Inverness Depot is 5mph with the exceptions of,
       Within buildings/sheds
                         3mh.When authorised to propel
                                                3mph.
       Through Millburn Wash Plant
                              2mph.
       All requests for access to rail vehicles stabled within Inverness Depot, must be made to the Designated Person.
       All rail vehicle movements are recorded.
       The 15 Roads within Inverness Depot boundary are.
       Road / Siding     Use
       CSMD
       No. 4 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 5 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 6 Sidings     Stabling
       No. 7 Sidings     Stabling
       No. 8 Sidings     Stabling
       TMD
       Fuelling Road
                Fuelling and CET.
       Tank Road         Stabling.
       Stores Road       Stabling. Rail vehicle, road transportation transfer.
       Underframe Wash   Underframe washing.
       No. 1 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 2 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       Wagon Shop
       No. 1 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 2 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 3 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 4 Road        Stabling. Road extends into maintenance building.
       Additional stabling and carriage wash are provided at Network Rail controlled roads / sidings.
       Motorail Siding-Platform 0 Stabling. Controlled through NR Signal Centre.
       Millburn Wash Plant
                         Rail vehicle, bodyside cleaning. Controlled by NR signal centre.
       Harbour Road      Stabling. Controlled by NR Signal Centre, in liaison with the
                         Designated Person.
       Rose St Curve     Mainline that runs through Depot. Controlled by NR Signal Centre.
       Facilities
       The following facilities are available within Inverness Depot and are defined under the Depot Work Plan, Depot Protection
       and Movements and Shunting Safety Plan documents.
         Depot Protection. Padlock system utilised with electric derailers and manual stops.
         Fuelling, tanking and CET.
         Level 1-5 maintenance.
         Vehicle jacking.
         Wheel Profiling by Mobiturn Lathe.
         Pit access (full and half depth)
         Underframe washing and vehicle decontamination.
         Road transportation transfer.
       Rail Vehicle Movements Into / Out of Depot Maintenance Roads and Sidings
       The Designated Person is responsible for protection arrangements within Inverness Depot boundary.
       The following instructions apply to rail vehicles approaching or leaving the T&RSD.
         1. No rail vehicle movement should be initiated to the T&RSD without first contacting the Designated Person.
         2. All rail vehicle movements in to, out of and within the boundary of Inverness Depot must be authorised by the
            Designated Person.
                                                           Dated: 18/03/2022




       October 2009                 41
