                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10




       SC161 - MILLERHILL YARD TO PORTOBELLO
       NEWCRAIGHALL

       MILLERHILL DEPOT
       Rail vehicles arriving at Millerhill Depot will normally be signalled to enter the Arrival line from Up Millerhill signal EM22 as
       far as STOP signal MD2 stopping point.
       Trains may be signalled to enter the Departure line from Up Millerhill signal EM22 as far as the stopping position opposite
       the wash.
       Drivers of trains standing at signal MD2 requiring to proceed into the Depot will contact the YC using the GSMR radio.
       When the YC has ensured that the movement can proceed safely by:
       Ensuring that no conflicting movements are taking place and that
       All facing and trailing points are correctly set
       The YC will then give the Driver a proceed aspect (associated position light) to pass MD2 to proceed to the Depot.
       Drivers should pass MD2 only when the associated position light is ‘OFF’. The train will continue to the steps outside the
       Yard Coordinators building, where the Depot Operator will take over.
       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within the Depot boundaries is 5mph except through the Carriage Wash
       where the speed limit is 3mph.Each vehicle will pass through the MRX machine and Wash Plant which are situated on the
       Arrivals Road.
       Rail Vehicle Roads
       Millerhill Depot has the following Roads.
       Road/Siding   Use
       Arrivals MRX and Wash Plant
       Departure     For rail vehicles departing the depot to the mainline
       3             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       4             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       5             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       6             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       7             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       8             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       9             Stabling of rail vehicles, platform level access for 12 vehicles
       All roads at Millerhill Depot are electrified.
       Millerhill Depot has authorised walking routes and platforms throughout and are to be used when traversing Millerhill
       Depot.
       Facilities
       The person responsible for protection for Millerhill Depot is the Yard Co-Ordinator.
       Carriage Wash
       The Carriage Wash is situated to the North end of the Depot.
       Work requiring the operator’s feet to be above cab floor level on the outside of a rail vehicle, i.e. maintenance on the
       carriage wash, will only commence after a local OLE isolation has been applied by a certificated Nominated Person.
       Yard Coordinators Bothy
       The Yard Coordinators Bothy is situated at the North of the depot.
       Facilities Building
         1. The Facilities Building is situated at the South of the depot next to the main car park.
         2. The Facilities Building has offices, meeting rooms, training rooms, messing and hygiene facilities.
       Overhead Line Equipment (OLE)
         1. All roads within the boundaries of Millerhill Depot are supplied with OLE.
         2. The OLE on No.8 and No.9 sidings can be isolated.
         3. A local isolation must be taken if the feet of a person working in the area will be above cab floor level on the
            exterior of a rail vehicle.
         4. The isolation for work undertaken within No.8 and No.9 sidings is undertaken by a local Nominated Person




       October 2009                 57
