Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




SCOTTISH RAILHEAD CONDITIONING TRAIN
1.       Description
1.1      The Railhead Treatment Train (RHTT) consists of converted and specially-adapted wagon/s hauled by a
locomotive at each end.
1.2      The Multi Purpose Vehicles (MPVs) consists of a specially built unit with driving cabs at each end.
1.3      Application of "Sandite" is via pipes located on one of the bogies of the vehicle(s) concerned.
1.4      Water Jetting is via pipes located in the centre of the unit or wagon.
2.       Speed
2.1       When applying "Sandite" a constant speed of 40 mph maximum must be maintained. If the line speed for the
route is below 40mph see 2.2.
2.2       If it is necessary to stop, or reduce speed below 40 mph on a section of line where "Sandite" is being applied, the
application must stop immediately if the speed falls below 10 mph, however water jetting may continue. Route control
must be advised when this happens.
3.       Train Plan
3.1      A workbook detailing the train plan will be sent to all signallers detailing the locations of treatment sites and
timings of all Railhead Conditioning trains.
3.2      Route Control must advise signallers of any deviation from this plan.
3.3      Signallers must pass details of changes to the booked plan to the train if instructed to do so by Route Control.
4.       Instructions to Signallers
4.1     Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Sxx when operating
diagrams that water jet then apply sandite.
5.       Operation of Track Circuits
5.1       All types of rail conditioning trains may be relied upon to operate track circuits whether applying sandite or not.
When applying sandite, signallers must specially observe the passage of the train and the next train to follow over track
circuits, where provided.
Signallers must deal with any failure by the rail conditioning train and/or first train following to operate a track circuit
correctly by immediately applying Rule Book Module TS11, Section 14 and advising Route Control of the failure. Rule
Book Module TS1, General signalling regulations, regulation 12 must be applied to all subsequent trains over the affected
portion of line until at least 2 trains have operated the track circuit normally.
6.       Contaminated Railhead
If the signaller receives a report that the railhead is contaminated, whether this being after a report of low adhesion or not,
and the railhead conditioning train will be used to remove the contamination, the signaller must arrange for the train
following the railhead conditioning train to carry out a controlled test stop as published in Rule Book Module TW1, Section
28. The signaller must also observe the track circuit operation of the train being used to carry out the controlled test stop.
7.       Lineside Signs
7.1       Special lineside marker boards are provided at various locations indicating the portions of line over which
‘Sandite’ requires to be applied. These compromise octagonal boards with black lettering on a white background and
denote the commencement and finish points for ‘Sandite’ application. The board denoting the end of application has,
additionally, a solid red diagonal stripe. (see examples below). A 200 yard extension of each sandite treatment site
will apply during the Autumn leaf fall period, therefore, termination boards will be bagged over during this period.




April 2010                                                    78
