Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6




Method of Protection
During the work
The lockout key must be retained in the personal possession of the person who requested the blockage until returned to
the cabinet.
When work is completed
(a)      When the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the line, the person who requested protection must
         advise the signaller accordingly, repeating his name, employing organisation and task number. When instructed
         by the signaller, the person who requested protection must insert the lockout key and turn the key in the direction
         indicated on the label in the lockout unit. The person who requested the protection must get the permission of the
         signaller to relock the cabinet.
(b)      The person requesting lockout protection must, normally, be the same individual who completes the work and
         gives up the protection. In exceptional circumstances, the person requesting lockout protection may hand over to
         a relief provided he advises the signaller the name and employing organisation of his relief, and quotes the task
         number to the signaller.


PRINCES STREET GARDENS

The procedure for the use of a lockout to afford staff protection may require to be applied for each intervening track in this
multi-track area to allow access to/egress from the portion of line where work requires to be carried out. Lockout protection
must be taken of all necessary intervening tracks before staff are permitted to proceed to the line concerned and must not
be given up until all staff are safely located at the site of work. When work is completed, this procedure must again be
applied before staff are permitted to proceed to the agreed exit point from the railway.


HAYMARKET TUNNELS

The tunnel lockouts are of the ‘key enabled’ type. To activate any of these lockouts, the COSS must obtain the appropriate
key from the lockfast cabinet at the Waverley end of platforms 2 and 3 at Haymarket station.


HAYMARKET SOUTH TUNNEL

Due to the refuges being temporarily inaccessible, staff must not enter or work in the tunnel unless the provisions of one of
the following Rules have been applied:-
1.    The Rule Book, Module TS1, regulation 13
2.    The Rule Book, Module T3
3.    In emergency, the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 46


HAYMARKET

Haymarket Station - The OFF indicators and TRTS buttons on platforms 1 and 3 apply only for Down direction
(westbound) trains starting from these platforms under the control of signals EH515 and EH905, respectively.
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/01/19




October 2009                                                 52
