                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC061 - SHIELDS JN TO PAISLEY CANAL
Shields Jn To DUMBRECK

SHIELDS ELECTRIC TRACTION DEPOT

Wheelslide Protection Testing - A speed limit of 8 mph will apply within the depot for Wheelslide Protection Testing
only.
Depot Sidings 7 to 11 - Movements to and from Maintenance Shed and Underframe cleaning / Wheel Lathe Shed road -
Where reference is made in the following instructions to ‘designated person’, this means the person responsible for
protection inside the Shed or on the siding concerned and who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters ‘DP’
in black.
Where reference is made in the following instructions to a movement to the Shed this must also be understood to mean a
movement towards the underframe cleaning pit.
1.   When required to move vehicles into the Shed on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal situated on the
     approach to the Shed doors or on the siding concerned.
2.   The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at a
     stand at the signal. If the designated person has removed all the protection inside the Shed, opened the Shed doors
     and lowered the wheel stops, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed with the movement
     as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for persons or obstructions.
3.   If after the plunger has been depressed the Shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to display a stop
     aspect, the shunter must request the designated person to remove the protection. When this has been done, the
     shunter must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement may then
     proceed as far as the line is clear.
4.   A movement out of a Shed must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the Shed door is showing a
     proceed aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as the
     line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train is not within the Shed in which case the
     shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
5.   No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and then
     only under direct supervision of the designated person.
6.   The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger except in the circumstances
     detailed in Clause 7.
7.   If the signals into or out of a Shed fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle must stop at the signal and must
     only proceed as far as the line is clear after the designated person has personally advised the driver and shunter that
     protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                 79
