                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15




SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
INVERNESS

Washing plant – If approaching the wash unit in the Up Direction, an illuminated indication is provided for drivers,
displaying either :-
‘WASH/WAIT’
or     WASH/PROCEED’,
or     ‘NO WASH/PROCEED’.
Drivers must obey the illuminated indications displayed.
In normal operation in the Up Direction the driver must proceed on the authority of the ‘WASH/PROCEED’ indication.
When moving in the Up Direction, the washing plant works automatically, and the driver must proceed until the whole of
his train has passed through the system at a speed between 2 and a half and 3 mph. Illuminated trackside speed
indicators will display the exact speed at which the train is travelling.
For the benefit of long trains, (such as HSTs), there is an additional speed indicator positioned immediately on the
approach to underbridge 349, at the point at which such trains will have passed completely through the wash. (This only
functions when the washer is operating).
If ‘NO WASH/PROCEED’ is displayed’, or there is nothing displayed at all, the wash plant is not functioning, and the driver
must proceed through at line speed, and report the failure to the Depot Duty Manager by radio at the first opportunity.
When moving through the wash plant in the Down Direction, the wash plant will revert to ‘NO WASH’ for 10 minutes before
resetting.
The splitting of trains on this line is prohibited.



INVERNESS T&RSD

Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”, this means the person responsible for
protection in the depot who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters “DP” in black.
Servicing Depot - Movements to and from Depot sidings - The following instructions apply to:-
Traction Maintenance Depot Sidings, Nos. 1 and 2
Carriage Maintenance Depot sidings, Nos. 1 and 2
1.   When required to make a movement into the Shed or sidings concerned, the driver must stop at the signal situated on
     the approach to the Shed Doors.
2.   The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at a
     stand at the signal. If the designated person has removed all the protection inside the Shed, opened the Shed doors
     and lowered the wheel stops, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then proceed with the movement
     as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for any persons or obstructions.
3.   If after the plunger has been depressed the Shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to display a stop
     aspect, the shunter must request the designated person to remove the protection. When this has been done, the
     shunter, must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement may then
     proceed as far as the line is clear.
4.   A movement out of a Shed must not be started unless the signal concerned at the Shed door is showing a proceed
     aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as the line is
     clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train is not within the Shed in which case the shunter is
     responsible for advising the driver when the Shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
5.   No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and then
     only under direct supervision of the designated person.
6.   The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger except in the circumstances
     detailed in Clause 7.
7.   If the signals into or out of a Shed fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle must stop at the signal and must
     only proceed as far as the line is clear after the designated person has personally advised the driver and shunter that
     protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed.




October 2009                                                 57
