                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15



       SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
       INVERNESS To Clunes TEP

       Viaduct over River Ness - If an Up or Down locomotive hauled passenger train is brought to a stand on the Ness Viaduct
       after sunset or during falling snow through exceptional or unforeseen circumstances, the guard (or guards, if there is more
       than one) must take steps at once to prevent any passengers attempting to alight from the train.
       Authority for trains from Inverness to proceed on the North line - Provided the driver has received the appropriate
       token, the authority to proceed towards Clunes will be the clearing of the North line Down direction signal I429 or I427, as
       appropriate, followed by the clearing of Clachnaharry Down signal, or permission to pass one or both of these signals at
       danger.
       Receiving/returning RETB tokens - A driver may enter the RETB system and obtain a token to proceed from Inverness
       towards Clunes at any place up to, or at, Down direction signal I429 or I427, as appropriate, but this procedure must be
       carried out when the train is at a stand. A driver proceeding to Inverness from the North line may surrender his token at
       any time after coming within the protection of Up direction North line signal I430, but this procedure must be carried out
       when the train is at a stand.
       Failure of token issuing/receiving apparatus - The supply of special authority cards for the working of trains from
       Inverness to Clunes during a failure of token equipment is kept in a lockfast box at the notice board denoting the
       commencement of Radio Token Working. However, a traction unit will not be allowed to proceed to the North line (for the
       purpose of completing an authority card) unless radio contact is available between the driver and the signaller at Inverness
       (RETB) SC.
       Engineer's Possession - When the driver of an engineer's train or machine requiring to leave a possession between
       Clunes and Inverness has received verbal permission to pass the Station Limits board towards Inverness, he must inform
       the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC when the whole of his train is within the protection of Up direction signal I430.
       Examination of line between Inverness and Clachnaharry - If a driver is instructed to report the state of the line
       between Inverness and Clachnaharry, the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC will give him instructions regarding the point
       at which the driver must report, and whether he must use a telephone or radio for this purpose.
       Shunting on North line - Permission to pass I427 or I429 for shunting purposes on the North single line gives the driver
       authority to proceed only as far as the notice board denoting the commencement of Radio Token Working.
       Single line block section - The Up direction single line block section between Clunes and Inverness is defined as the line
       between the Up stop board at Clunes and the notice board denoting the end of Radio Token Working at Inverness.
       The Down direction single line block section between Inverness and Clunes is defined as the line between the notice
       board denoting the commencement of Radio Token Working at Inverness and the Down stop board at Clunes.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                  56
