                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6



       BP Oil Refinery Sdgs - The clearing of the inlet signal for a train, other than a light locomotive, to proceed into the sidings
       will indicate to the person in charge of the movement that the relative hand points are set for the reception siding. The
       Rule Book, Module SS2 is modified accordingly.
       Before entering the Refinery sidings, all staff must hand over to the person in charge at the level crossing, Bardic lamps,
       matches and lighters. Articles so handed over will be handed back on return from the sidings.
       During hours of darkness, fog or falling snow, a BP hand lamp will be available to rail staff working in the sidings.
       Where a light locomotive requires to proceed from the Reception lines to No.3 Departure road, such movement must not
       be made unless the authority of the BP representative in attendance is received and an assurance is obtained that no
       conflicting movement will be made by the firm’s locomotive. This does not relieve the person in charge of the movement
       from observance of the provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2.
       When arriving vehicles are inspected by the wagon examiner in the Exchange sidings, a red lamp must be placed at either
       end of the vehicles. On completion of the inspection, the wagon examiner must advise the Senior Operator at the BP
       Terminal accordingly, together with details of any defective wagon(s).
                                                           Dated: 26/05/07


       SC117 - GRANGEMOUTH JN TO GRANGEMOUTH OIL TERMINAL AND
       DOCKS YARD (GOODS LINE)
       Working of Yard between Fouldubs Jn. and Grangemouth Docks

       Movements proceeding on the Docks line, other than for shunting movements between Nos. 1, 2 or 3 loops at the Docks
       end, must:
       • be drawn, propelling is prohibited
       • be accompanied by the Person in charge of the train movement
       Drivers of trains from the Docks to Fouldubs Jn. must stop at the STOP Board positioned at the exit gate and contact the
       Signaller for authority to pass the STOP Board.
       Grangemouth Docks

       Security gates control access to the Docks complex. The normal position of the gates is closed to the railway.
       Before authorising a train to proceed from Grangemouth Docks Yard towards the gates, the Person in charge of train
       movements must obtain an assurance from the Forth Ports Security personnel that the security gates are open to the
       railway.
       This assurance can be obtained from the Security Office, telephone no. 01324 668466 or 01324 668479.
                                                           Dated: 15/08/10

       SC117 - GRANGEMOUTH JN TO GRANGEMOUTH OIL TERMINAL AND
       DOCKS YARD (GOODS LINE)
       Fouldubs
       Fouldubs Stabling of Electric Trains M3 Siding, TDG Headshunt, Loops No1, No2, No3
       Rule Book Module TW1 section 36
       Drivers of electric trains on arrival at Fouldubs booked to stable in M3 Siding, TDG Headshunt, Loops No1, No2, No3 must
       lower their Pantographs on arrival at any of the above listed locations.
       The Driver must advise the signaller Fouldubs when the Pantograph has been lowered. The pantograph may only be re-
       raised when permission from the signaller has been obtained.
       Stabled Trains entering service Fouldubs Stabling of Electric Trains M3 Siding, TDG Headshunt, Loops No1, No2,
       No3
       Drivers of any stabled electric trains at any of the above locations must contact the signaller Fouldubs and obtain
       permission to raise their pantograph before entering service.
       The signaller Fouldubs will only give the Driver permission when there are no Blocked to Electric Tractions imposed and it
       is safe to do so.
       Shunting Movements: TDG Headshunt, Loops No1, No2, No3
       Drivers must not pass STOP Boards at the ends of Loops No2 and No3 without first obtaining permission from the
       signaller.
                                                           Dated: 16/02/19




       October 2009                 61
