                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
Dunragit SB & LC To Stranraer Harbour SB

Stranraer Harbour

Stranraer Harbour signal box will be opened when required. When Stranraer Harbour signal box is open, the single line
between Dunragit and Stranraer is worked in accordance with the Rule Book, Module TS4, Electric token block
regulations. When Stranraer Harbour signal box is closed, the single line between Dunragit and Stranraer is worked in
accordance with the Rule Book, Module TS8, One train working regulations with the signaller at Dunragit as the train staff
custodian.
When One Train Working is in operation, all trains will arrive in, and depart from, platform 1 at Stranraer Harbour. Trains
must not be stabled in No. 2 platform line during this period. The driver must retain possession of the train staff whilst at
Stranraer Harbour unless:
    •    the train requires to stable at Stranraer Harbour without returning to Dunragit, or
    •    the driver will leave duty on arrival at Stranraer Harbour.
In this event, the driver must place the train staff in the nominated location at the station and must not leave duty unless he
is satisfied that the train staff is secure.
On starting duty at Stranraer Harbour, the driver must obtain the train staff from the nominated location at the station.
During the time that Stranraer Harbour signal box is closed, the person in charge at Stranraer Harbour station will advise
the signaller at Dunragit (tel. no. 01581 400684):
    •    when a train arrives at Stranraer Harbour and,
    •    immediately prior to the departure of a train from Stranraer Harbour.
If the signaller at Dunragit requires to speak with the driver of a train at Stranraer Harbour, the person in charge at
Stranraer Harbour station must so advise the driver and tell him to speak directly with the signaller.
Protection of engineering work / personnel carrying out activities on the line

The use of the One Train Working train staff for protection purposes is prohibited. The Rule Book, Modules T2, T3 and
T12 are modified accordingly.
                                                                                                             Dated: 22/09/07


SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
Dunragit SB & LC To STRANRAER

MODIFICATION OF ELECTRIC TOKEN BLOCK REGULATION 7 AND THE RULE BOOK, MODULE M2, SECTION 3
Trains requiring assistance between Stranraer and Dunragit - When a train becomes disabled and requires
assistance, the driver must, after ensuring that his train has been protected, proceed to the nearest means of
communication taking with him the section token. If it is decided that assistance will be provided by a locomotive from
Stranraer Town Yard, then the driver must convey the token to Stranraer Harbour signal box, Dunragit signal box or
Stranraer Town Yard ground frame, whichever is the nearest, and act in accordance with the signaller’s instructions.
Should it be decided that assistance will be provided from either Stranraer Harbour or Dunragit signal box, the driver must
return the section token to the driving cab of the disabled train.
                                                                                                             Dated: 01/12/07




October 2009                                                  77
