                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




       STEAM LOCOMOTIVE OPERATION UNDER 25KV
       OVERHEAD LINE EQUIPMENT.
       All steam locomotive hauled movements over routes electrified using the 25kV Overhead Line Equipment (OLE) system
       shall comply with the relevant Network Rail and Railway Industry Standards applicable.
       Due consideration must be given by both the railway infrastructure owner and the railway undertaking to the following
       standards along with particular reference to the clauses in them shown below;
       Network Rail Level 2 Standard, NR/L2/OPS/104 Planning and Control of Steam Locomotive Operation, section 6, clauses
       6.1.1, 6.2.1 & 6.2.4.
       Railway Industry Standard RIS-3440-TOM Operation of Heritage Trains which calls on Group Standard, GO/RT3440
       Steam Locomotive Operation, section 2, clauses 2.2.2.1 & 2.3.3.1.
       Important Note: On no account unless in an emergency should a steam locomotive be brought to a stand within a
       confined space e.g. in a tunnel, beneath an overbridge or similar location or directly under any item of critical OLE e.g.
       neutral section, section insulator, OLE support or insulator.
       Sufficient coal to be moved forward prior to working under OHLE.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 09/09/17


       STONETHROWING
       On receipt of a report from a driver of stonethrowing, the signaller must, in addition to advising Route Control :-
       • advise the driver of the first train requiring to proceed through the area concerned, on any line, of the circumstances
         and request him to report back once the train has passed through the area whether stonethrowing occurred or not.
         The train need not be cautioned.
       • where another signaller is involved, advise that signaller of the circumstances and ask the signaller to advise drivers
         as shown in this procedure, or to pass on any message received from the driver of a train which has passed through
         the affected area.
       • where a following train requires to pass through the area on the same line, or a second train requires to pass in the
         opposite direction, before a report is received from the driver of the first train, carry out these arrangements for that
         train.
       • if the driver of the first train dealt with as above also reports that his train was stoned, advise the drivers of subsequent
         trains as shown above.
       • if no further report is received about stonethrowing from the driver of a train dealt with as above, advise Route Control
         and resume normal working.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 03/10/09




       April 2010                   89
