Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1


SC147- Berwick to Haymarket West jn (via Waverley)
EM596                 Monktonhall Jn         Up Berwick                     Post ; 740 yards
SC161 - Millerhill Yard to Portobello
EP607                 Between Niddrie South  Up/Down                        Post mounted ; 200
                      Jn and Portobello      Millerhill                     yards
SC171 - Edinburgh Waverley to Dundee (via Kirkcaldy)
EH556              South Gyle                 Up                 Post mounted ;
                                                                 860 yards (on left of
                                                                 drivers)
EV407               Inverkeithing              Down Fife         Post; 518 yards
SC173 - Inverkeithing Central Jn to Thornton North Jn (via Cowdenbeath)
EO716               Dunfermline                Up                Post; 481 yards
                                               Cowdenbeath
SC193 Perth to Inverness
HC334               Carrbridge                 Up loop           Post; 125 yards


* Supplementary board displays directional arrow only.
                                                                                Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 13/04/19

SIMPLIFIED BI - DIRECTIONAL SIGNALLING
Principle
The lines on which this method of signalling is in use are indicated in Table A and where provided, avoids the necessity of
appointing a Pilotman where wrong direction movements are required during possessions, emergencies etc.
Provision is made for a signal(s) to control movements onto the bi-directional line in the wrong direction and for a distant
and stop signal at the exit end to control movements back to the right line. No intermediate signals are provided.
The maximum permitted speed in the wrong direction is shown in Table A and supported by normal speed restriction
indicators as per the Handbook RS/521 Section 7.
Automatic Warning System
AWS track equipment is not provided for signals which apply only to trains running in the wrong direction.
Referring to the Rule Book,Module S3, Section 1.5, cancelling indicators are not provided.
Lineside marker boards as described in the Rule Book, Module S3, Section 1.4, are provided to indicate the limits of the
special AWS conditions.
                                                                                Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13

SINGLE HST POWER CARS
A single HST power car is authorised to run light over the following portions of running lines, and must be treated as a
locomotive running light :-
         Edinburgh Waverley/ Craigentinny Service Delivery Depot
         (via Haymarket Central Jn/ West Jn, Gorgie Jn, Niddrie West Jn)
         Edinburgh Waverley/Craigentinny Service Delivery Depot
         (via Abbeyhill Jn)
         Craigentinny Service Delivery Depot/ Niddrie West/ Millerhill
         Aberdeen/ Clayhills Service Delivery Depot
         Haymarket Depot/Haymarket Central Jn/Haymarket West Jn/Gorgie Jn
         Eastfield Down Sidings / Eastfield South Headshunt / Eastfield Depot
         Inverness depot / Inverness Station / Rose St Jn / Welsh's Bridge Jn
         Perth Station / Perth Carriage Sidings
Note - single HST power cars may be permitted to run over the above portions of line with the blunt end leading, subject to
the conditions stipulated by the Train Operating Company concerned.
                                                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/2017


SINGLE LINES - CROSSING AND PASSING OF TRAINS
When a train has to be shunted at a crossing station on to the loop line for another train to pass it, the first train must be
drawn forward on the right line clear of the loop trailing points and then set back.
                                                                                Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


April 2010                                                     81
