                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



       SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
       Between Saughton and Haymarket Station

       EDINBURGH TRAM LINES ADJACENT TO NETWORK RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE

       General

       Edinburgh tram lines run adjacent to Network Rail infrastructure between Saughton and Haymarket Station from 3 miles
       30 chains to 1 mile 19 chains. All operations on the tram lines are controlled by the Edinburgh Tram Control Room. There
       is no physical connection between the Edinburgh tram lines and Network Rail infrastructure. Trams run at a maximum
       speed of 45kph (approximately 30mph) but are driven on sight – the trams can stop within the distance the driver can see
       to be clear.
       Tram signals, consisting of five white lights displayed horizontally or vertically, may be exhibited on tram lines but these
       have no meaning for train drivers on Network Rail infrastructure and must be disregarded.
       Overhead electrification

       The Edinburgh tram lines are electrified by an overhead line system energised at 750 volts DC. The overhead line
       equipment must be regarded as live and dangerous at all times. No part of a person’s body, clothing, or any equipment
       being used or carried, may be allowed to come within 2.75 metres (9 feet) of any part of the overhead line equipment.
       Emergency action

       If it is necessary to stop the passage of trams due to an obstruction on the tram lines, or if it is necessary to request that
       the overhead line equipment is switched off in an emergency, the Edinburgh Tram Control Room must be contacted by the
       quickest means possible.
       The Edinburgh Tram Control Room can be contacted on 0131 622 8969
       All persons contacting the Control Room by telephone must follow the normal safety critical communications shown in the
       railway industry GE/RT8000 Rule Book.
                                                           Dated: 14/12/13




       SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
       Forth Bridge

       Forth Bridge Two Way Working –
       Drivers of trains timetabled over the Forth Bridge at North Queensferry EY680 signal on the Up Fife Line, and Dalmeny
       EY651 signal on the Down Fife Line, should accept the route if signalled onto the Forth Bridge in the wrong direction, as
       two way working is in operation. There is no requirement to stop at the signal and advise the Signaller in these
       circumstances. (The Rule Book, Module S7 Clause 1.2 is modified accordingly)




       October 2009                  69
