                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC8



       SC129 - SPRINGBURN TO BELLGROVE JN
       Entire Line Of Route

       Dangerous Voltages in Telecommunications Cables under OLE Short Circuit Conditions
       Procedure to be adopted by telecommunications installation / maintenance staff for taking isolations
       [Note - the term “Shift Engineer” in this instruction refers to the person who initially arranges for the isolation].
       Voltages exceeding the safety limit can be induced into telecommunications circuits under OLE short circuit conditions on
       the Springburn to Bellgrove line and the following procedure must be adopted for working on any telecommunications
       circuit which passes over this line:-
       1.Planned items must be raised via the possessions planning meeting in order that they may be included in the
         Operations Manager, Power Systems, Plant and Electrification’s Isolation Arrangement Forms. The procedure to be
         adopted by the telecommunications installation / maintenance staff on site will be as detailed from clause (4) onward.
         An example of an item which might be dealt with by this procedure would be installation of a new telephone circuit
         requiring the running of cables and testing of circuits.
       2.For an emergency item requiring an isolation for only a few minutes, the appropriate maintenance Shift Engineer must
         first liaise with the Shift Signaller Manager at Yoker Signalling Centre who will agree a time when the unplanned
         isolation can be granted. The Shift Signaller Manager at Yoker must then advise Cathcart ECR of the agreed times.
         The procedure to be adopted might be, for example, connecting or disconnecting links in a wayside XC.
       3.For an emergency item that will require an isolation in excess of five minutes, the agreement must come from the
         Area Delivery Planning Manager, NDS West. During normal working hours (08 30 to 17 00 Monday to Thursday ;
         0830 to 1530 Friday) the appropriate maintenance Shift Engineer must contact the Possession Planning Manager or
         his deputies to request an unplanned isolation during a suitable period. In general, this will mean after the end of
         normal running, which is about 19 00 hours each evening. The Possession Planning Manager must advise Cathcart
         ECR of the agreed times. Outwith normal working hours, the appropriate maintenance Shift Engineer must contact
         the Network Rail Duty Manager at Route Control and explain the situation to him. The Network Rail Duty Manager
         will obtain agreement to allow the unplanned isolation. The Network Rail Duty Manager must advise Cathcart ECR of
         the agreed times. An example of an item which might be dealt with this way is the repair of cable damage. The
         procedure to be adopted by the telecommunications installation / maintenance staff on site will be as detailed from
         clause (4) onwards.
       4.The telecommunications installation / maintenance technician in charge of work on site must contact, and give his
         name to, (otherwise 7 below is ineffective), Cathcart ECR for confirmation that electrical sections PS1 and PS2 are
         isolated. When the technician receives confirmation that electrical sections PS1 and PS2 are isolated, he must inform
         staff under his control that:-
           "It is safe to work on telecommunications equipment, but for all other purposes the overhead line electrical
           equipment must still be treated as LIVE."
       5.If, for any reason during the agreed time for the unplanned isolation, the telecommunications installation /
         maintenance technician in charge of work becomes aware that the work is likely to over-run the agreed finish time, he
         must immediately arrange to stop the work without it being completed, unless the work is essential for the running of
         trains.
         If the work IS essential for the running of trains then the telecommunications installation / maintenance technician in
         charge must advise Network Rail Route Control and Cathcart ECR of the implications of delaying remedial work and
         to confirm whether or not the work can proceed.
       6.When work is completed, or at the agreed time for cancellation of the unplanned isolation, whichever is the earlier, the
         telecommunications installation / maintenance technician in charge must ensure that he informs all staff under his
         control that:-
           "It is dangerous to work on telecommunications equipment and the overhead line electrical equipment is LIVE."
         The telecommunications installation / maintenance technician in charge who received the unplanned isolation must
         contact Cathcart ECR and advise that all staff are aware that the unplanned isolation is being given up. The
         telecommunications installation / maintenance technician in charge will confirm that Cathcart ECR can energise
         electrical sections PS1 and PS2.
       7.If the telecommunications installation / maintenance technician in charge has to be relieved for any reason, he MUST
         advise Cathcart ECR so that the unplanned isolation can be transferred to the person taking over as technician in
         charge. Cathcart ECR must only accept the cancellation of an unplanned isolation from the person to whom it is
         given, or transferred.
                                                           Dated: 03/10/09




       October 2009                  45
