Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11


SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
Hospital Mill LC (R/G)

If the red/green lights fail, trains must be cautioned in accordance with the signal box special instructions unless a
competent person is appointed at the level crossing to communicate with the signaller at Cupar. That person must obtain
the signaller’s permission on each occasion before the crossing is used.
If the barrier controls fail and cannot be operated by the crossing users, an attendant qualified as competent by the local
operations manager must be appointed to operate the barriers by hand.
Upon arrival, the attendant must reach a clear understanding with the signaller at Cupar as to the method of working and
then work to the signaller’s instructions.
                                                                                                            Dated: 04/03/17

SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
Tay Bridge South SB

St Fort Fuel sidings – Trains conveying tanks destined for the sidings must be brought to a stand opposite the siding
connection. The person in charge of the movement must then proceed to the sidings while the train is drawn forward clear
of the siding connection.
The tail lamp must be removed before an inwards movement passes the security gates. Railway hand lamps must not be
taken beyond the security gates and the firm’s person in charge will supply hand lamps as necessary.
The person in charge of the movement must ensure that the siding to which the train is to run is clear throughout and the
security gates giving access to the siding are open. The person in charge of the movement must then operate the ground
frame for the inwards movement before he operates the switch provided at the ground frame to illuminate the ‘SET BACK’
indicator positioned on the Leuchars side of the siding connection. When the inwards movement has passed clear of the
siding connection, the person in charge of the movement must operate the switch to extinguish the indicator. Should the
person in charge of the movement observe anything abnormal during the inwards movement, he must immediately
operate the switch to extinguish the indicator and advise the signaller accordingly.
The illumination of the ‘SET BACK’ indicator is the driver’s authority to enter the sidings. Should the indicator be
extinguished during the inwards movement, the driver must immediately bring the train to a stand. The Rule Book Section
J is modified accordingly.
St Fort Up I.B Home signal – Should it be necessary to comply with the provisions of the Rule Book Module S5, Part B, 1,
in addition to the complying with the instructions in this section each driver is required to stop especially and check the
position of the points at St Fort Ground Frame.
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/01/13

SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
Tay Bridge

The disused esplanade platforms on the Tay Bridge are out of use.
Where the engineer takes possession of the line on the bridge and an engineer’s train requires to work within the
possession, a double line possession must be taken.
Movement restrictions - In normal working, only the following locomotive types are permitted onto the bridge - Class 37,
47, 60, 66, 67 and 73.
In normal working, only the following freight / engineering vehicles are permitted onto the bridge - TTA, ZFV, ZXH, ZOA,
YCV, ZBV, ZCV, ZJV and STUMEC.
MU / HST trains are unrestricted in normal working.
Double - heading is prohibited except class 73’s (or combination of 66/73) running light or hauling passenger coaching
stock. Train failures on the bridge require either a barrier wagon of a minimum of 60 feet in length or recovery must be
from the rear of the failed train where this will not result in locomotives being coupled together. This instruction does not
apply to an HST which fails on the bridge.
Note - Network Rail Route Control will impose further, additional, movement restrictions during high or severe
wind conditions.
                                                                                                            Dated: 01/10/16




October 2009                                                  70
