                                                            OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC089 - ANNBANK TO KILLOCH COLLIERY (GOODS LINE)
Annbank GF
The connection leading from the Newton Jn / Mauchline single line to the Killoch Colliery branch is worked from a ground
frame controlled by the section token.
An intermediate key token instrument is provided in a lockfast box at the ground frame and when it is necessary to allow a
train to enter or leave the Killoch branch, the instrument must be operated in accordance with the instructions exhibited
there.
The signaller at Mauchline must be advised when a token has been replaced in the instrument.
Working of branch line
Train Departing from Annbank GF - The permission of the signaller at Mauchline must be obtained before the train staff
can be released from Annbank GF for a train to proceed on the single line to Killoch Colliery.
The shunter must obtain the train staff and hand it to the driver.
Train arriving at Killoch Colliery - On arrival at Killoch Colliery the driver must return the train staff to the shunter.
The shunter must advise the signaller at Mauchline when the train, complete with tail lamp has passed clear of the single
line section and the ground frame controlled catch points have been operated to protect the single line. The shunter must
also advise the signaller at Mauchline that he has custody of the train staff and what the next intended move will be.
Train departing from Killoch Colliery - The permission of the signaller at Mauchline must be obtained by the shunter
before the train staff can be given to a train to proceed on the single line to Annbank GF.
The shunter must give the train staff to the driver once the permission of the signaller at Mauchline has been obtained for
the move to take place. The Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 32.2 is modified accordingly.
Train arriving at Annbank GF - On arrival at Annbank GF, the driver must hand the train staff to the shunter who must
operate the ground frame when authorised to do so by the signaller at Mauchline.
The shunter must advise the signaller at Mauchline when the train, complete with tail lamp, has passed clear of the ground
frame points, the ground frame has been restored to normal and what the next intended move will be.
Working of consecutive trains to or from Killoch Colliery -The shunter is authorised to take custody of the train staff
from, and give the train staff to, the driver at both Killoch and Annbank, in accordance with the Rule Book, Section TW1,
Section 32.2.1, when this arrangement is introduced. This arrangement does not in any way modify, or exempt, the
requirement for the driver to have the train staff in his possession whilst between Annbank and Killoch Colliery in
accordance with the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 32.3.
Consecutive trains to Killoch Colliery - Where it is necessary for two consecutive trains to proceed to Killoch, the
shunter must, when handed the train staff at Killoch by the driver of the first train, and having carried out the instructions
under the heading ‘Train arriving at Killoch Colliery’ above, thereafter proceed to Annbank.
The shunter must advise the signaller at Mauchline of his arrival at Annbank and request permission to return the train
staff to the ground frame. This will involve the release of a key token from the intermediate instrument. The train staff must
be returned to the ground frame before the second train enters the single line at Newton Jn.
Consecutive trains to Annbank - The shunter must, at least 20 minutes after departure of the first train from Annbank,
request the permission of the signaller at Mauchline to obtain the train staff. This will require a key token to be obtained
from the intermediate instrument. When the train staff has been obtained and the signaller at Mauchline has been advised,
the shunter must return to Killoch. The shunter must, before handing the train staff over to the driver of the second train,
advise the signaller at Mauchline that the second train is about to depart and obtain the signaller’s permission for the
movement to commence. Thereafter, the train must be dealt with as normal on arrival at Annbank.
Between Annbank and Killoch Colliery - If a train fails on the branch line and assistance is required, the train staff must
be returned to Annbank, or Killoch if assistance is available at that end. The driver of the failed train is authorised to deliver
the train staff to the Operations Manager’s representative. The Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 32.3 and the Rule Book,
Module M2, Section 3 are modified accordingly.
Protection arrangements – Emergency detonator protection must be carried out before the train staff of the failed train is
delivered to the Operations Manager’s representative.
Underbridge 18, Coalhall (over A70 east of Coylton) at 48mp. – In view of significant bridge strikes at the bridge, the
following modified procedure must be observed for any incident involving this Underbridge :-
The Route Structures Engineer must be directly informed.
The designated Infrastructure Maintenance Contractor’s representative must attend. The structure must not be
cleared for traffic, even to 5 mph by a competent person, until further notice.
The Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 5.2 is modified accordingly.
                                                                                                              Dated: 07/12/13




October 2009                                                   86
