                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11




       SC175 - ROSYTH DOCKYARD TO INVERKEITHING SOUTH JN (GOODS
       LINE)
       Entire Line Of Route

       Train staff - The train staff is located in a secure cabinet adjacent to EV412 signal
       The driver of a train proceeding to the Rosyth branch at Inverkeithing South junction must advise the signaller at
       Edinburgh SC when he has obtained the train staff from the location secure cabinet adjacent to EV412 signal.
       The driver must retain possession of the train staff at Rosyth Dockyard if the train is to be worked back to Inverkeithing
       South junction the same day. If not, and the train is to be stabled at Rosyth Dockyard clear of the single line, the driver
       must return the train staff to the secure cabinet adjacent to EV412 signal and advise the signaller when this has been
       done.
       Before departing Rosyth Dockyard on to the single line towards Inverkeithing South junction, the driver must be in
       possession of the train staff. If necessary, he must collect the train staff from the secure cabinet adjacent to EV412 signal
       and advise the signaller when the train staff has been obtained.
       On return to Inverkeithing station, the driver must return the train staff to the secure cabinet adjacent to EV412 signal and
       advise the signaller when this has been done and that his train, complete with tail lamp attached, has arrived at
       Inverkeithing station.
       Rosyth Dockyard

       Movements within the Dockyard - Each incoming movement will come to a stand on the approach to the first set of
       points, where the driver will be met by a member of the Dockyard staff who will be in overall control within the Dockyard
       area. The Rule Book, Module SS2, is modified accordingly.
       The instructions of the member of the Dockyard staff must be obeyed by trains within the Dockyard area and the rail
       person in charge of the movement must exhibit the necessary handsignals to the driver.
       If, during shunting, it is necessary for a movement to enter No.5 siding, such movement must not proceed beyond the
       notice board on the approach to the weighbridge.
                                                           Dated: 12/09/09

       SC177 - THORNTON NORTH JN TO METHIL POWER STATION (GOODS
       LINE)
       Double Dykes TMO LC

       Drivers of trains proceeding from Thornton North Jn to the coal loading terminal at Earlseat must bring their trains to a
       stand at the notice board on the approach to Double Dykes LC.
       The person in charge at the terminal will close the level crossing gates to the road, secure the loop points in the required
       position and set the derailer for the passage of the train before instructing the driver to proceed to the coal loading
       terminal.
       Before allowing a train to depart towards Thornton North Jn the person in charge will close the level crossing gates to the
       road, set the derailer for the passage of the train and set the points to the required position.
                                                         Dated: 04/08/2012




       October 2009                 72
