                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15



       "Bower/ Georgemas Occupied" token - The Up direction "Bower/ Georgemas Occupied" token must only be used for
       booked joining of Sprinter trains, or booked connecting services on the Up / Down platform line at Georgemas, or for
       providing assistance to a train which has failed on the Up / Down platform line at Georgemas.
       RETB Working by Pilotman - When RETB Working by Pilotman is in operation in the Georgemas area, the Pilotman
       must accompany any train proceeding to or from Wick or Thurso.
       Working of pipe traffic - To facilitate the unloading of pipes on the Down main line between the station platform and the
       Down stop board (at the Wick end of the station) a COSS must be provided, in addition to the arrangements detailed in
       instruction 4.2 of the Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block – Instructions to Traincrews, Persons
       carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned, who must authorise all movements of the pipe train (or portions
       of the pipe train) after this train has arrived at Georgemas Jn and the section token has been given up, until the whole train
       is ready to depart to Inverness and a section token has been issued.
       Authority is granted for a RETB 'Engineering token' and/or 'Shunt token' to be issued as required to the COSS for the
       purpose of positioning and unloading, or shunting, this train, or portions of this train, as required.
       The Engineering token and/or Shunt token must be given up when required for the purpose of passing passenger traffic
       through Georgemas Jn.
       Whenever the pipe train, or a portion of the pipe train, requires to be propelled within the Georgemas Jn area, to position it
       for unloading or to shunt it clear of passenger traffic such movements must be carried out in accordance with the Rule
       Book, Module TW1, Section 26, except that all liaison by the guard/shunter, or driver, must be with the COSS, and not the
       signaller.
       On each occasion when passenger traffic requires to pass, and after all unloading is complete, the COSS must ensure
       that the crane used for unloading is secured clear of the line and that all unloaded pipes have been positioned and
       secured for the safety of the train, before the Engineering and/or Shunt token is given up.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
       Bower TEP (Up direction only)

       Drivers are exempt from carrying out the ‘loop clear’ procedure after passing Bower.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
       WICK TEP

       Station Limits - Station Limits is defined as the line between the Station Limits board and the buffer stops.
                                                           Dated: 08/11/08

       SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
       Entire Line Of Route

       Automatic Warning System - Referring to the Rule Book, Handbook RS/521 Section 1.5, Cancelling indicators are not
       provided.
       Special authority cards - Cancelled special authority cards referred to in clause 4.1 and 6.2 of the instructions Single
       Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
       Work and Others Concerned must be left at the signing off point.
       Level crossings - The person in charge of any Engineer’s self-propelled On-Track machine or Road-Rail vehicle
       travelling over the above lines of route must ensure that the road warning lights at automatic level crossings are
       illuminated before proceeding over the crossing. If necessary, technical support to initiate the road traffic light sequence
       must accompany the machine / vehicle. Similarly, no automatic crossing must be left with a “stored failure” due to a
       machine / vehicle not operating the strike out track circuits / treadles. Technical support must be available to reset any
       crossing so affected.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13




       October 2009                 64
