                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC8




       SC125 - HYNDLAND EAST JN TO DALMUIR (VIA YOKER)
       GARSCADDEN

       Signal YY867 - Drivers of Up direction trains requiring to proceed to Yoker CSD from signal YY867 are authorised to
       change ends at Garscadden Up platform.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC125 - HYNDLAND EAST JN TO DALMUIR (VIA YOKER)
       YOKER

       Drivers of trains proceeding to the Reception line or the Reception / Departure line must, where such line is clear to the
       signal / notice board, bring their train to a stand at the signal or notice board and must not, subsequently, set-back except
       on the authority of the signaller at Yoker signalling centre.
       Washing Plant - The Washer Road and the washing plant may be used in either direction.
       At the approach to the wash unit, and again, at the approach to the rinse unit, an illuminated indication is provided for
       drivers, displaying either ‘WASH’, ‘NO WASH’, ‘WAIT’ or ‘PROCEED’. Drivers must obey the illuminated indications
       displayed. If there is nothing displayed the driver must stop and obtain instructions from the Yard Movements Supervisor.
       In normal operation, the driver must proceed on the authority of the ‘WASH’ indication.
       The washing plant works automatically, and the driver must proceed through the system at a speed not exceeding 3 mph.
       Illuminated speed signs in advance of the wash unit and between the wash unit and the rinse unit will display the exact
       speed at which the train is travelling.
       ‘NO WASH’ operation will normally be selected by the Yard Movements Supervisor from his remote panel. However,
       there is also a drivers’ push button provided at the commencement of the system, (before the first illuminated indication),
       labelled ‘NO WASH’. Operating this button will change the illuminated board display to ‘NO WASH’ and the system is
       locked out of use for 5 minutes, and then reverts to normal use. This button must only be operated on the instructions of
       the Yard Movements Supervisor.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC125 - HYNDLAND EAST JN TO DALMUIR (VIA YOKER)
       DALMUIR

       Where a Signallers Lineside Blockage is required at Helensburgh Central, Airdrie, Milngavie or Dalmuir and a train or
       trains are stabled at any of these locations the COSS/IWA/PC must provide Not To Be Moved Boards on the trains as
       protection.
       When the Signallers Lineside Blockage is no longer required the COSS/IWA/PC must remove the Not To Be Moved
       Boards from the trains.
                                                           Dated: 02/04/11

       SC129 - SPRINGBURN TO BELLGROVE JN
       Barnhill Station

       Platform one turnback moves

       Up direction signal CS406 on the Down Springburn line at Barnhill station platform one is provided to allow trains to turn
       back only. Multiple unit formations of 6 vehicles or more are prohibited from using this facility.
                                                           Dated: 06/10/13




       October 2009                  44
