                                   OFFICIAL


                         Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9




       SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
       RANNOCH TEP To TULLOCH TEP

       Working by special authority card - If the radio fails in the leading cab of a train requiring to proceed from
       Rannoch to Tulloch, or Tulloch to Rannoch, the rear cab radio must be used. The issue of a 'Long Section'
       token between Rannoch and Tulloch or Tulloch and Rannoch by the rear cab is authorised.

       Corrour CE siding - Corrour CE siding is to be used only for engineer's trains or machines. In the event of
       an emergency, the authority of the Operations Manager, or his nominated representative, who must first
       obtain the authority of the Engineer, must be obtained before this siding is used for other than engineer's
       trains or machines.

       Drivers of trains or machines using this siding must inform the signaller at Banavie signalling centre if any
       vehicles or machines are stabled in, or removed from, this siding.

                                                           Dated: 30/01/16

       SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
       TULLOCH TEP

       Shunting - Any portion of the train left on the Up platform line during shunting operations must be properly secured.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC141 - CRAIGENDORAN JN TO FORT WILLIAM
       Fort William Jn SB & TEP

       British Aluminium Co's sidings - The level crossing plunger associated with the Open level crossing must not be
       operated when the hand points are set for L3 siding.
       Prior to a movement entering the loading bay, the person in charge of the movement must obtain an assurance from the
       firm’s representative that all staff and other persons within the loading bay have been made aware of the pending
       movement and are clear of the sidings. When placing a single wagon into the loading bay, the reach wagon must be
       used.
       After working in the sidings, the person in charge of the movement is responsible for ensuring that the trap points situated
       between the British Aluminium Co's gate and the open level crossing are set for the run off once the train has drawn clear.
       Authority for trains from Fort William Jn to proceed - Provided the driver has received the appropriate token, the
       authority to proceed towards Spean Bridge, or towards Loch Eil or Annat Pulp Mill will be the clearing of the main or
       branch, as appropriate, section signal, or permission to pass the signal at danger.
       Receiving/returning RETB tokens - A driver may enter the RETB system and obtain a token to proceed from Fort
       William Jn towards Spean Bridge, or towards Loch Eil or Annat Pulp Mill at any place up to, or at, the main or branch, as
       appropriate, section signal, but this procedure must be carried out when the train is at a stand. A driver proceeding to Fort
       William Jn from the main or branch line, may surrender his token at any time after coming within the protection of the main
       or branch, as appropriate, home signal, but this procedure must be carried out when the train is at a stand.
       Failure of token issuing/receiving apparatus - The supply of special authority cards for the working of trains from Fort
       William Jn during a failure of token equipment is kept in Fort William Jn signal box, and the driver must use the telephone
       provided in order to communicate with the signaller at Banavie signalling centre for the purpose of completing such a card.
       Engineer's Possession - When the driver of an engineer's train or machine requiring to leave a possession between
       Spean Bridge and Fort William or between Fort William and Loch Eil, has received verbal permission to pass the main or
       branch, as appropriate, Station Limits board and proceed towards Fort William Jn, he must inform the signaller at Banavie
       signalling centre when the whole train has passed the appropriate home signal.
       Station Limits - Station Limits for the main line is defined as the line between the main line Station Limits board and the
       main line notice board indicating the limits of Radio Token working.
       Station Limits for the branch line is defined as the line between the branch Station Limits board and the branch line notice
       board indicating the limits of Radio Token Working.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                  57
