                                                            OFFICIAL


                                       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9




SC145 – FORT WILLIAM JN TO MALLAIG
MALLAIG TEP

Joining and splitting of trains - The following arrangements apply:-
Joining - The first train to enter the platform must be brought to a stand at the far end of the station and return the token.
The second train will be issued with an 'Occupied' token at Arisaig and the driver reminded, when being given permission
to proceed, that the Platform line is occupied. In the event of a failure of all cab equipment in the second train, a special
authority card may be used provided Clause (a) on the special authority card is endorsed 'Occupied'.
Splitting - Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must be entered in the system.
After the first train has loop cleared, and after receiving permission from the Signaller, the rear train may draw forward to
the stop board provided station duties have been completed, all is in order for the train to commence the movement and
the conductor has sent the bell / buzzer code 6, to the driver. Before requesting a token to proceed, the driver must advise
the signaller that he is at a stand at the stop board.
If only one radio is operational on the train, it may be split. If all radios are non-operational but the radio / signalling system
is still in working order in the Mallaig area, the train must not be split but proceed to Fort William in accordance with
Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to
Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned.
If splitting requires to take place during the period of a failure of the radio / signalling system affecting all trains in the
Mallaig area prior to the introduction of RETB Working by Pilotman, each portion may be allowed to proceed from
Mallaig in accordance with Instruction 6, clause 6.2. of the instructions Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token
Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned.
                                                                                                            Dated: 19/03/2022




October 2009                                                    61
