                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



       SC171 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO DUNDEE (VIA KIRKCALDY)
       EDINBURGH WAVERLEY

       Electrical Isolation of Overhead Line Equipment on platform 4 line – When platform 4 line at Waverley station
       requires to be isolated, this must be in accordance with the instructions contained in RT/E/S/29987 (Local Isolation and
       Earthing of 25 kV AC. Overhead Line Equipment).
       The shift signaller manager at Edinburgh signalling centre must be requested to provide the necessary signal protection
       and an assurance to this effect must be received before the isolation is imposed.
       The shift signaller manager at Edinburgh signalling centre must be advised when the line is re-energised.
       South siding - Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the buffer stop when the siding is clear throughout.
       Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart. A train must not draw forward
       towards exit signal E816 unless that signal has been cleared or permission has been obtained from the signaller for the
       movement to be made.
       Drivers must not alight from, or join, a train within this siding unless the train is at the buffer stop and must only use the
       driving cab at the buffer stop end for this purpose.
       Sounding of horns during the night – Drivers must not sound their horns within the precincts of the station nor under
       the station roof between midnight and 06.00, except to give warning of danger or when absolutely necessary in connection
       with working movements.
       Propelling movements from station area to Princes Street Gardens – Drivers and shunters must not commence a
       propelling movement from platforms 12 to 18 inclusive until they are advised where it must be brought to a stand and also
       the subsequent move.
       Propelling movements from Princes Street Gardens to station area – Drivers in charge of propelling movements must
       not proceed past Down South line signal E.846 or Down North line signal E.848 towards the station area unless the ‘P’
       indication associated with either signal is exhibited.
       Sprinter Multiple Units – Coupling / uncoupling operations involving these units in platform 9 must only be carried out as
       under:-
       An attaching movement must only be made to a single unit provided such unit is positioned on straight track. A detaching
       movement must only be carried out on straight track.
       Reference to “unit” in this instruction must be taken to mean 2 vehicles.
       Platform 9 – Freight trains are prohibited from working through the station via platform 9 line due to track alignment and
       potential structure damage resulting from vibration.
       No.16 Mid siding - Trains proceeding to the siding must run to the buffer stop when the siding is clear throughout.
       Drivers of trains within the siding must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart from the siding. A train must
       not draw forward towards exit signal E837 unless that signal is showing a proceed aspect or permission has been
       obtained from the signaller for the movement to be made.
       Drivers must not alight from a train within this siding unless the train is at the buffer stop and only then from the driving cab
       at the buffer stop end.
       Through platforms additional TPWS equipment
       Additional TPWS train stop equipment (TSS-2) is provided to protect against any potential start-away SPAD in the
       following through platforms:

                             Platform starting
                      Platform           TSS-2 distance from
                             signal      signal
                      2      E444        110m on approach
                      11     E471        18m on approach
                      19     E489        40m on approach
       Each TSS-2 is energised when the platform starting signal to which it applies is at danger and no route has been set up to
       it. To prevent false TPWS brake demands being caused by this equipment during attaching and detaching movements
       when the platform starting signal is at danger, the following instructions apply for platforms 2, 11 and 19 only:
       Multiple unit trains drawing up –
       If a movement will pass over the TSS-2, after receiving permission to draw up the platform from the signaller the driver
       must use the TPWS train stop override in the driving cab immediately before starting the movement. If a TPWS brake
       demand occurs during the movement, the driver must immediately contact the signaller, explain what has happened and
       not make any further movement until the signaller gives permission.

       Caledonian Sleeper trains –
       When a Caledonian Sleeper train requires to draw up platform 19 during shunting operations, the driver must stop the
       leading driving cab of the movement at the stop marker provided.
                                                           Dated: 23/11/19




       October 2009                 63
