                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6


       SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
       FALKIRK HIGH)
       Bo ness GF
       Trains may only proceed towards the Scottish Railway Preservation Society’s private line subject to a maximum train
       length, including locomotive(s), of 790 feet. Drivers must stop on the Network Rail side of the boundary gate at the double
       - sided notice board (worded 'Stop Await Instructions' for movements to the SRPS) and act under the instructions of the
       SRPS representative.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
       FALKIRK HIGH)
       Between Edinburgh Park Station and Haymarket Station
       EDINBURGH TRAM LINES ADJACENT TO NETWORK RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE
       General
       Edinburgh tram lines run adjacent to Network Rail infrastructure between Edinburgh Park station and Haymarket Station
       from 42 miles 14 chains to 46 miles 0 chains. All operations on the tram lines are controlled by the Edinburgh Tram
       Control Room. There is no physical connection between the Edinburgh tram lines and Network Rail infrastructure. Trams
       run at a maximum speed of 45kph (approximately 30mph) but are driven on sight – the trams can stop within the distance
       the driver can see to be clear.
       Tram signals, consisting of five white lights displayed horizontally or vertically, may be exhibited on tram lines but these
       have no meaning for train drivers on Network Rail infrastructure and must be disregarded.
       Overhead electrification
       The Edinburgh tram lines are electrified by an overhead line system energised at 750 volts DC. The overhead line
       equipment must be regarded as live and dangerous at all times. No part of a person’s body, clothing, or any equipment
       being used or carried, may be allowed to come within 2.75 metres (9 feet) of any part of the overhead line equipment.
       Emergency action
       If it is necessary to stop the passage of trams due to an obstruction on the tram lines, or if it is necessary to request that
       the overhead line equipment is switched off in an emergency, the Edinburgh Tram Control Room must be contacted by the
       quickest means possible.
       The Edinburgh Tram Control Room can be contacted on 0131 622 8969
       All persons contacting the Control Room by telephone must follow the normal safety critical communications shown in the
       railway industry GE/RT8000 Rule Book.
                                                           Dated: 14/12/13




       October 2009                 54
