Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1


CLASS 334, 380 AND 385 EMUS
Starting of Class 334, 380 and 385 EMUs from a staffed platform
    1.    The person in charge of dispatch must give the driver a signal to indicate that:
               •    station work is complete
               •    the doors are ready to be closed
     2. This signal must be given by the person in charge of dispatch either by:
               •    raising a despatch bat above the head, or
               •    at night or poor visibility holding a white light steadily.
Note - To ensure the signal can be seen by the driver within the CCTV equipment field of view, the person in
charge of dispatch must be positioned as near as possible to the middle of the train and no more than 2 metres
from the side of the train.
     3. The driver must close the doors, ensure that the door interlock light is illuminated and then using the in cab CCTV
          screens, carry out a “train safety check” that:
                • the train doors are properly closed
                • nobody is trapped in the doors, e.g. by clothing
                • nobody is in contact with the train
                • You must only start the train if it is safe to do so
Defective train borne CCTV equipment
          Entering Service
A train must not be permitted to enter service from a Maintenance Depot if:
     •    the CCTV equipment is defective on any vehicle
     •    the picture is degraded in that the door areas cannot be seen clearly
A train must not be permitted to enter service from other than a Maintenance Depot if:
     •    the CCTV equipment is defective on any vehicle
     •    the picture is degraded in that the door areas cannot be seen clearly
The unit is allowed to enter service but not passenger service to travel to a maintenance depot for repair.
          When in service
When a train is in passenger service and:-
     •    the CCTV equipment becomes defective on any vehicle
     •    the picture is degraded in that the door areas cannot be seen clearly
the driver must report the circumstances to the signaller at the first convenient opportunity and act in accordance with the
instructions given.
The instructions in the Rule Book, Modules SS1 and TW5 are amended accordingly.
                                                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 03/02/18


CLASS 390 PENDOLINO LED ROOF LIGHTS
A number of Class 390 “Pendolino”s are fitted with CCTV cameras near both pantographs. Each camera has a high
intensity LED light which will be illuminated irrespective of whether the nearby pantograph is in use or not.
Anyone observing these LED lights on the roof of Class 390 trains do not need to arrange to stop the train specially unless
there is something else unusual affecting the train.
The cameras are intended to help monitor the condition of the OHLE and provide evidence if OHLE problems occur.
                                                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 01/08/15


CLASS 943 PROPELLING CONTROL VEHICLE (PCV)
The operation of a Class 943 Propelling Control Vehicle (PCV) in 'PACS' mode, (that is using the 'Propelling and Advisory
Control System' in conjunction with a specially modified R.e.s locomotive), at the leading end of a train is authorised
between the following locations :-

Glasgow Central and Polmadie CSMD/Polmadie Down Sidings
Polmadie CSMD/Polmadie Down Sidings and Glasgow Central
(both via the West Coast Main Line, or via Shields Jn)
At Shieldmuir, from Up and Down main lines to access Royal Mail Terminal

This authority is subject to the following conditions :-
1. The provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2 and ModuleTS1, regulation 10.4 DO NOT APPLY, provided the
    'PACS' is in working order.
    However, if the 'PACS' should become defective en route the movement must be stopped and, if arrangements
    cannot be made for the train to be locomotive hauled, the provisions of the Rule Book, Module SS2 and Module TS1,
    Regulation 10.4 then apply, except that the provisions of Module SS2, Section 4.8 are exempt.



April 2010                                                35
