Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC089 - ANNBANK TO KILLOCH COLLIERY (GOODS LINE)
Killoch Colliery

Arriving trains must stop at the ground frame controlled catch points. Before operating the ground frame for the passage
of the train to the sidings, the person in charge of the movement must telephone the security office for permission to enter
the sidings. If there is no reply from the security office, the person in charge of the movement must endeavour to contact
British Coal staff on any of the other numbers listed at the telephone.
Trains must not enter Killoch without permission from Killoch staff.
Rail lines within the Colliery are numbered 1 to 6 reading from right to left from the weighbridge.
When the last vehicle has passed clear of the ground frame the person in charge of the movement must normalise the
ground frame and remove the train staff before returning to the train.
A British Coal representative will be in attendance at the weighbridge and will advise the driver which points have been set
for the passage of the train.
Whenever possible, loaded trains arriving from Chalmerston will be stabled in No.1 or No.2 road at Killoch. The person in
charge of the movement must leave his copy of the train list under the clip on the side of the leading wagon.
The person in charge of the movement must apply, as a minimum, the handbrakes on the last 6 wagons at the lower
end of the gradient on all trains stabled at Killoch.
The weighbridge at the entrance to Killoch operates automatically and drivers must ensure that the speed of their train
does not exceed 4 mph when travelling over the weighbridge in either direction.
Flashing yellow lights, normally unlit, are provided within the yard (3) beyond the weighbridge for arriving trains and in the
vicinity of the ground frame (1) for departing trains. Should a train exceed the weighing speed, or if the weighbridge has
failed to operate, the light(s) will commence to flash ahead of the train. In this event, the train must be reweighed. Should
this occur while a train is entering Killoch, the person in charge of the movement must operate the ground frame controlled
points before authorising the train to set back. The British Coal representative in attendance at the weighbridge will assist
with this movement. The light(s) should extinguish when the train has set back. If the light(s) continue to flash, the person
in charge of the movement must contact British Coal staff, via the telephone at the ground frame where appropriate, for
further instructions.
The loading of slurry trains will take place at the loading bank at the east end of the sidings. A British Coal representative
will issue a radio to the driver so that the British Coal shovel operator can control the movements of the train while it is
being loaded. The driver must make an initial test transmission with the British Coal shovel operator at the loading pad
which must be preceded by the words “EW&S driver to British Coal shovel operator” and which will be acknowledged.
STRICT RADIO DISCIPLINE MUST BE MAINTAINED. The British Coal shovel operator will instruct the driver to STOP,
START or REVERSE as required and this will not require to be acknowledged by the driver. This instruction allows for
British Coal shovel operators to instruct the driver to STOP, START or REVERSE as required. The provisions of the
Rule Book, Module SS2, must still be observed before any movement is made over points in the facing direction.
All rail staff must wear personal protective clothing (hard hats, safety footwear and high visibility clothing) when working on
the ground within the Colliery in compliance with British Coal requirements.
Departing trains must stop at the ground frame controlled points at the exit from the Colliery and the person in charge of
the movement must operate the ground frame to permit access onto the single line to Annbank.
The person in charge of the movement must telephone the security office from the ground frame telephone to advise when
the train is departing from Killoch.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                  87
