                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15



         The driver of a train from the Down single line or the Up branch must report to the signaller whether the 'Points Set'
         indicator is now illuminated, and must then act on the instructions of the signaller. He must not pass the 'Points Set'
         indicator without the verbal permission of the signaller.
         When a train has proceeded over the junction points after the operation of the override switch, and the train is clear of
         the junction points, the driver, or person concerned, must return the override switch to the central position, relock the
         box and confirm to the signaller when this has been done.
       d)Engineer’s machines - movements to / from branch - An engineer’s machine which cannot be relied upon to
         actuate track circuits must not proceed over the junction points to / from the Thurso branch until the override switch
         has been operated under the instructions of the signaller.

         Drivers of Down direction machines (to the branch) will be instructed to operate the override switch before operating
         the appropriate plunger.

         Drivers of Up direction machines issued with a “Long section” token Thurso / Georgemas must stop at the “Points
         Set” indicator at the Thurso branch Up stop board, even if it is illuminated, and act under the instructions of the
         signaller. Where a “section” token Thurso / Georgemas has been issued, the token exchange procedure must be
         carried out at the Up branch stop board before the override switch is operated.

         The override switch must be operated in accordance with the previous instructions under the heading “Override
         switch for junction points”.
       Shunting - When requesting a “shunt” token, the driver must advise the signaller whether it will be necessary to operate
       the Thurso branch junction points. If so, the driver and signaller must come to a clear understanding as to whether
       shunting is to be carried out on the Up / Down single line towards Forsinard or on the Thurso branch.
       Joining and splitting of trains and connecting services - The following arrangements apply :-
       Joining or connecting services on Up / Down platform Line :-
       In all cases, where a joining / connecting movement is required from the Thurso branch, such movement must be the first
       to be made towards the Up / Down platform line.
       (i)  Train from Thurso - A train from Thurso booked to join, or connect with, a Southbound service, will be issued
       with a "Shunt" token at Georgemas Up branch stop board, and the driver instructed, when being given permission to
       proceed, to bring his train to a stand on the Up platform line, opposite the stopping marker, and return the "Shunt" token.
       A train from Thurso booked to connect with a Northbound service, and to then proceed to Wick, will be issued with a
       "Shunt" token at Georgemas Up branch stop board, provided that permission to proceed has not been given to the
       connecting train at Halkirk, and Georgemas Up / Down platform line is clear throughout. The driver, when being given
       permission to proceed, will be instructed to pass the stopping marker, and to proceed towards the Down stop board on
       Georgemas Down platform line, so as to position his train wholly on the Wick side of the stopping marker, and to then
       return the "Shunt" token.
       (ii) Train from Wick - A train from Wick booked to join, or connect with, a Southbound service, or to connect with a
       Northbound service, will be issued with a "Bower / Georgemas Occupied" token at Bower, and the driver instructed, when
       being given permission to proceed, to bring his train to a stand on the Up platform line, opposite the stopping marker, and
       to return the token. The driver will be reminded that the Up / Down platform line is occupied.
       In the event of a failure of all cab equipment in the train from Bower, a special authority card may be used provided Clause
       (a) on the special authority card is endorsed "Loop Occ".
       (iii)Train from Forsinard - A train from Forsinard booked to connect with a service to Wick will be issued with a
       "Halkirk / Georgemas Occupied" token at Halkirk, and the driver instructed, when being given permission to proceed, to
       bring his train to a stand on the Down platform line, opposite the stopping marker, and to return the token. The driver will
       be reminded that the Up / Down platform line is occupied.
       A train from Forsinard booked to connect with a service to Thurso will be issued with a "Halkirk / Georgemas Occupied"
       token at Halkirk provided that no "Shunt" token has been issued at Georgemas, and the Up / Down platform line is clear
       throughout. The driver when being given permission to proceed, will be instructed to pass the stopping marker and to
       bring his train to a stand on Georgemas Down platform so as to be wholly on the Wick side of the stopping marker.
       In the event of a failure of all cab equipment in the train from Halkirk, a special authority card may be issued provided that
       Clause (a) on the special authority card is endorsed "Loop Occ".
       Splitting - Before uncoupling is carried out, the radio number of the rear train must be entered in the system.
       A train must not be split unless each portion has at least one radio in working order.
       "Halkirk/Georgemas Occupied" token - The Down direction "Halkirk / Georgemas Occupied" token must only be used
       for booked connecting of services on the Up / Down platform line at Georgemas, or for providing assistance to a train
       which has failed on the Up / Down platform line at Georgemas.




       October 2009                 63
