Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4



SC091 - DALRYMPLE JN TO CHALMERSTON (GOODS LINE)
Chalmerston
The loading of trains at Chalmerston is undertaken from a concrete LOADING PAD by mechanical shovel and up to seven
wagons at a time can be accommodated during loading. Wagons must only be loaded when they are at a stand.
Radio equipment supplied by British Coal is used to control movements of trains during loading and drivers of trains
arriving at Chalmerston must stop before the weighbridge and obtain a radio handset from the Weighbridge Operator.
The Weighbridge Operator and the Loading Pad Operator will be responsible for all aspects of train loading and
movements on behalf of British Coal.
The driver must make TWO test transmissions. One with the Weighbridge Operator and one with the Loading Plant
Operator which must be preceded by the words “EW&S DRIVER TO WEIGHBRIDGE OPERATOR” and “EW&S DRIVER
TO LOADING PAD OPERATOR” and which must be acknowledged by both parties. STRICT RADIO DISCIPLINE MUST
BE MAINTAINED.
On arrival at the weighbridge, the Weighbridge Operator will advise the person in charge of the movement whether he
wishes the train to be loaded on the way into or out of the loading area.
The person in charge of the movement must observe the requirements of the Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 3.2.
The instructions for loading the train are as follows :-
Loading on the way into the loading pad
The Loading Pad Operator will advise the driver when the movement may commence from the weighbridge and the driver
must not pass over the Depot Access level crossing until he has received a verbal assurance from the Loading Pad
Operator that the gates are closed to road traffic.
Movement of the train over the loading pad will require the Loading Pad Operator to instruct the driver to STOP or START
as required and will not require to be acknowledged by the driver. However, the Loading Pad Operator, after he has
advised the driver to start, must remain in constant communication with the driver by radio until he instructs the driver to
stop. Should the transmission cease for any reason the driver must stop the train immediately.
When loading has been completed, the person in charge of the movement must operate the derailer at the rear of the train
and apply half of the wagon handbrakes to secure the train prior to uncoupling the locomotives/s for rounding. When the
locomotive/s has/have run round via the rounding loop and prior to being recoupled to the train, the person in charge of
the movement must remove the derailer and thereafter, after the locomotive/s has/have been recoupled, release the
wagon handbrakes and carry out a brake test. He must then advise the Weighbridge Operator that this operation has
been completed prior to rejoining the locomotive.
The Weighbridge Operator will then advise the driver to draw forward over the weighbridge for gross weighing and when
this has been satisfactorily completed, the person in charge of the movement must return the radio to the Weighbridge
Operator.
Loading on the way out of the loading pad
The Loading Pad Operator will advise the driver when the movement may commence from the weighbridge and at the
time must give the driver an assurance that the Depot Access level crossing gates have been closed to road traffic. He
will then inform the driver when to stop.
After the weighing has been completed, the person in charge of the movement must operate the derailer at the rear of the
train and apply half of the wagon handbrakes to secure the train at the trailing end of the train, prior to uncoupling the
locomotive/s for rounding.
The person in charge of the movement must advise the Weighbridge Operator when he has applied the handbrakes on
the first seven wagons adjacent to the loading pad. (The Weighbridge Operator will accompany the person in charge of
the movement while he applies the first seven handbrakes).
When the locomotive/s is/are running round the train via the rounding loop, the driver must stop short of the loading pad
and request the permission of the Loading Pad Operator to travel beyond the loading pad.
The Loading Pad Operator will stop loading before giving the driver permission to proceed beyond the loading pad.
Prior to recoupling the locomotive/s to the train, the person in charge of the movement must remove the Derailer and after
the locomotive/s has/have been recoupled, remove the wagon handbrakes and carry out a brake test. During this
operation NO LOADING MUST TAKE PLACE. The person in charge of the movement must then advise the Loading
Plant Operator that this operation has been completed prior to rejoining the locomotive.
In order to complete the loading of the remaining wagons and the gross weighing of the train, the Loading Plant Operator
will instruct the driver to STOP or START as required and this will not require to be acknowledged by the driver. However,
the Loading Pad Operator, after instructing the driver to start, must remain in constant communication with the driver by
radio until he instructs the driver to stop. Should the transmission cease for any reason, the driver must stop the train
immediately.
When the loading and gross weighing has been completed satisfactorily, the person in charge of the movement must
return the radio handset to the Weighbridge Operator.
Chalmerston Coal Terminal is a designated hard hat area.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                88
