                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC3




       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       Lugton SB

       Protection of staff by lockout – Lockouts are provided throughout this area as follows:

       Location     Lockout Cabinet
                                 Telephone     Protects
       Down Kilmarnock line
                    At signals LU23/LU24,
                                 At cabinet    Down Kilmarnock line
       between Lugton box
                    At signal LU19             between signals
       and double to single                    LU23/LU24 and LU19
       connection at Barrhead
       end (9101)

       Up Kilmarnock line
                    At signal LU17,
                                 At cabinet    Up Kilmarnock line
       between double to
                    At signal LU32             between signals LU17
       single connection at                    and LU32
       Barrhead end and
       Lugton box (9102)

       Down Kilmarnock
                    At Lochridge Jn.
                                 At cabinet    Down Kilmarnock line
       between Lochridge Jn.
                    (Down),                    between Lochridge Jn.
       and Lugton box (9103)
                    At Kilmarnock end of       (excl.) and signal LU3
                    platform2, Stewarton
                    stn.,
                    At Kilmarnock end of
                    platform2, Dunlop stn.,
                    At signal LU3

       Up Kilmarnock between
                    At signals LU8/LU9,
                                 At cabinet    Up Kilmarnock line
       Lugton box and
                    At Kilmarnock end of       between signals
       Lochridge Jn. (9104)
                    platform1, Dunlop stn.,    LU8/LU9 and Lochridge
                    At Kilmarnock end of       Jn. (excl.).
                    platform1, Stewarton
                    stn.,
                    At Lochridge Jn. (Up)

       The above lockouts are all of the ‘key enabled’ type. To activate any of these lockouts, the COSS must obtain the
       appropriate key from the signaller at Lugton signal box. A clear understanding must be reached with the signaller and the
       COSS must countersign the train register entry made by the signaller before leaving the box and proceeding to the lockout
       site.
       The lockout protection may be obtained, and given up, at any of the cabinet locations listed for the lockout concerned.
       It is important to ensure that, if the lockout protection is given up at a different location from which it was
       obtained, the correct lockout unit must be used.
       The COSS must return the key to the signaller at Lugton box and countersign the train register entry.
       Lockouts within the Lugton area can only be used when the box is open. Any lockout which is active must be given up
       prior to the box closing.
                                                           Dated: 10/01/10

       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       PRIESTHILL AND DARNLEY To KENNISHEAD

       Both Up and Down cess walkways on Underbridge 24 (Kennishead Viaduct - 4 miles 570 yards to 4 miles 440 yards) are
       closed and access on foot is prohibited. If, in emergency, a driver requires to alight at this location, extreme caution
       must be exercised.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                  60
