                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



       d)(i)
           The length of any trains on the lines within the dock gates or from the railway stations to such lines shall not
         exceed thirty wagons except that on all lines, within the docks the length of any train which is being propelled shall not
         exceed ten wagons.
         Note - On special occasions it may be necessary to restrict the length of a train below the above allowances.
         (ii) Trains shall not be allowed to stand across the main road entrances to the docks or on the swing bridges.
       e)That there shall constantly accompany each locomotive or train two qualified shunters, each wearing a red cap; that
         at all times when any locomotive or wagon under their charge is working in any direction on the dock lines, one
         shunter shall be at the leading end of such locomotive or wagon; that when passing level crossings, sheds, stacks of
         timber, or other things which obstruct the view, the shunter at the leading end shall walk 30 feet in advance of the
         locomotive or wagon and that it shall be his special duty to give warning to all persons to keep out of danger, and to
         see that the line and crossings are clear, and to signal traincrew as may be necessary.
       f)That traincrew shall keep a sharp lookout before putting their locomotives in motion in any direction, and must not do
         so until a signal is received from the shunter.
       g)That the sounding of the locomotive horn shall be practiced only when absolutely necessary, and then with great
         caution, and after a careful lookout.
       h)That the speed of the locomotives or wagons or trains, with, or without locomotives working traffic at the dock sheds
         and quays shall not, except as after provided, exceed 4 mph.
       i)That the speed of locomotives or wagons or trains working coal traffic direct between the hoists and cranes on the
         North side of the Edinburgh and Imperial Docks and the station yards at Leith South yard shall not exceed 8 mph
         subject to alteration from time to time as the said superintendent may deem it consistent with public safety to direct.
       j)That the British Railways Board and others using the said rails shall have the whole risk and responsibility, directly
         and indirectly, connected with their traffic thereon, but shall nevertheless be subject to such directions as may from
         time to time be given by the superintendent of the Harbour and Docks in relation thereto; and the officers and
         servants of the British Railways Board and others aforesaid having charge of the said traffic shall be bound to
         conform to such directions.
       k)That the use of the locomotives in the conduct of the traffic referred to in these conditions and regulations shall
         continue only during the pleasure of the Forth Ports Authority.
       Instructions for the working of shunting tractors in the Dock Area at Leith Docks:-

       a)These regulations apply upon the Forth Ports Authority lines in the Dock Area at Leith South when used by British
         Railways under agreement in terms of Section 42(2) of the Forth Ports Authority Order Confirmation Act 1969.
       b)Only suitable and approved tractors shall be used for shunting in the Dock Area and towing of rail vehicles by means
         of rope or chain is authorised.
       c)At commencement and finish of duty, the tractor driver will carry out the duties as set out in the Road Service Vehicles
         Driver’s Handbook.
       d)The tractor will be driven by a leading railman and in addition, a second leading railman will accompany each tractor.
         This second leading railman must wear a red cap and at all times when the tractor is moving wagons shall be at the
         leading end of the movement. When passing level crossing, sheds, stacks of timber, or other obstructions which
         obstruct the view, the leading railman shall walk 30 feet in advance of the movement and shall give warning to all
         persons to keep out of danger and see that the line and crossings are clear and shall give any necessary signals to
         the tractor driver.

         Maximum permissible speed when moving wagons is 4 mph and a sufficient number of hand brakes must be applied
         to such wagons to enable the tractor driver to control vehicles as required. When the tractor is propelling vehicles, the
         vehicles must be coupled to each other.
       e)Groups of rail vehicles being moved by tractor must never exceed 235f (70m). Tractor drivers must use discretion as
         to the tractor’s capabilities under varying rail / road conditions upon curves and gradients.
       f)Staff must not pass in front of moving vehicles to hook or unhook draw chains or ropes.
       g)When working in conjunction with a locomotive, extreme caution must be exercised and a tractor must not be
         positioned in preparation for a movement until the wagons brought by the locomotive have been detached and the
         locomotive moved clear.
       h)Care must be exercised when negotiating curves in order to avoid buffer locking.
       i)Should a drawsling, rope or chain become defective, the BR supervisor must be advised and the defective appliance
         replaced.
       j)When visibility is less than 100 yards and during lighting up hours, the tractor lights must be switched on.




       October 2009                  54
