                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6



ASCENDING
Train loads - The loads of Up trains must be regulated in accordance with the following table :-
                          Class of Locomotive           Unassisted trailing load
                                                        Queen Street (High Level) - Cowlairs
                          37                            340 tonnes
                          47                            400 tonnes


The following trains must be assisted from Queen Street (High Level) :-
    1.   All trains carrying loads in excess of the unassisted load;
    2.   Locomotive hauled trains requiring to be turned via Cowlairs triangle.
The following trains may be assisted in rear from Queen Street (High Level) :-
    1.   Trains to the Eastfield passenger loop for the purpose of uncoupling        the leading locomotive before
         proceeding towards Springburn station.
Assistance in accordance with Table 'B' is not permitted in any other circumstance.
For the purpose of uncoupling the locomotive assisting in rear, the train must be brought to a stand at signal CC52,
CC238, the Cowlairs passenger loop or the Eastfield passenger loop.
For the purpose of uncoupling the leading locomotive of a train being turned via Cowlairs triangle, the train must be
brought to a stand at signal CC52.
When trains are assisted in front, the train must be brought to a stand at signal CC52 or CC238 for the leading locomotive
to be uncoupled.
Engineer’s trains - The train load must not exceed 120 tonnes when hauled and 200 tonnes when assisted in rear or
being propelled. The tonnages do not include the weight of the locomotive (or brake van where provided). Locomotives
below Class 20 must not be utilised.
Note - This weight restriction is not applicable where the train concerned is of fixed formation and permanently coupled
throughout. Such trains must be specially identified in the appropriate movement advice.
Freight trains - Due to condition of track, freight trains including ballast and engineer’s trains are prohibited on both the
Up and Down lines.
Any easement or exemption to this prohibition must be jointly authorised by the Regional Track Engineer and the sponsor
of the train movement. This authorisation must be clearly identified on the appropriate movement advice.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/17




October 2009                                                  57
