Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC13




SC193 - PERTH TO INVERNESS
INVERNESS

Signalling systems - The lines worked by the Track Circuit Block system are referred to as being controlled from
Inverness (TCB) signalling centre.
The lines worked by the Radio Electronic Token Block system are referred to as being controlled from Inverness (RETB)
signalling centre.
Shunting of passenger trains – When passenger trains are being made up at Inverness and it is necessary to draw any
portion from the South platform in order to attach other vehicles or portions, the person in charge of the portion being
drawn must be prepared to make use of the hand brake should occasion require it. The locomotive must not be detached
in any instance until vehicles are again placed in position.
Propelling passenger trains – When passenger trains are set back to the platform on arriving at Inverness, the person in
charge of the movement at the leading end must keep a sharp lookout for any signal from the platform staff and be
prepared to apply the automatic brake if necessary.
Millburn Yard – When Millburn Yard is unstaffed, the person in charge of a movement terminating there, on arrival via the
Up main line, must ensure that all points within the yard are properly set for the movement to an empty siding.
When Millburn Yard is unstaffed, the person in charge of a movement departing from the yard must ensure that all points
are properly set for the movement from the yard to the main line and then advise the signaller at Inverness (TCB) S.C. that
the train is ready to depart. The person in charge of the movement must not signal the driver to start the train until the
yard exit signal has been cleared.
Viaduct over River Ness – If an Up of Down locomotive hauled passenger train is brought to a stand on the ness Viaduct
after sunset or during falling snow through exceptional or unforeseen circumstances, the guard (of guards, if there is more
than one) must take steps at once to prevent any passengers attempting to alight from the train.
Washing plant – If approaching the wash unit in the Up Direction, an illuminated indication is provided for drivers,
displaying either :-
‘WASH/WAIT’
or     WASH/PROCEED’,
or     ‘NO WASH/PROCEED’.
Drivers must obey the illuminated indications displayed.
In normal operation in the Up Direction the driver must proceed on the authority of the ‘WASH/PROCEED’ indication.
When moving in the Up Direction, the washing plant works automatically, and the driver must proceed until the whole of
his train has passed through the system at a speed between 2 and a half and 3 mph. Illuminated trackside speed
indicators will display the exact speed at which the train is travelling.
For the benefit of long trains, (such as HSTs), there is an additional speed indicator positioned immediately on the
approach to underbridge 349, at the point at which such trains will have passed completely through the wash. (This only
functions when the washer is operating).
If ‘NO WASH/PROCEED’ is displayed’, or there is nothing displayed at all, the wash plant is not functioning, and the driver
must proceed through at line speed, and report the failure to the Depot Duty Manager by radio at the first opportunity.
When moving through the wash plant in the Down Direction, the wash plant will revert to ‘NO WASH’ for 10 minutes before
resetting.
The splitting of trains on this line is prohibited.
                                                                                                          Dated: 21/09/19




October 2009                                                 40
