Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC2



SC001 – GRETNA JN TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA BEATTOCK)
Law Jn To Uddingston Jn

Down services on the WCML booked via Motherwell may be diverted via the alternative route via Holytown or Mossend
West Jn at signal GML541 or at Motherwell at signal GMM399.
Up services on the WCML booked via Motherwell may be diverted via the alternative route via Holytown or Mossend West
Jn at Uddingston Jn signal GMN182.
Drivers so routed need not observe the relevant part of the Rule Book, Module S7, section 5, unless the train crew do not
sign the alternative route or a booked station call will be missed.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 30/08/18

SC001 - GRETNA JN TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA BEATTOCK)
Law Jn To Uddingston
All Up/Down CrossCountry and Virgin Trains services running between Law Junction and Uddingston may be diverted off
their booked route and use any alternative route without previous warning.
Drivers are not required to observe the requirements of Rule Book Module S7, Section 1.2, unless the train crew do not
sign the alternative route or a booked station call will be missed.
                                                                                                               Dated: 07/12/2013

SC001 - GRETNA JN TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA BEATTOCK)
SHIELDMUIR To Motherwell

DALZELL PLATE WORKS
Up goods loop - When 100T loaded steel carrying vehicles are detached in the Up goods loop, all handbrakes must be
applied on half of the vehicles. (Note - each vehicle has two handbrakes).
Level crossing - The level crossing is located in the vicinity of the Slab Bay and traverses the Slab Bay line and the
connection to the adjoining siding. The level crossing is of the open type with road traffic lights controlled from a local
control switch located within the Slab Bay. The EW&S person in charge of rail movements must operate the local control
switch and ensure that the road traffic lights are operating before authorising a rail movement to proceed over the level
crossing towards the Slab Bay or adjoining siding.
Incoming movements must be brought to a stand at the STOP board on the main line side of the level crossing. To assist
drivers of propelled movements, a black and white marker post is provided 500 feet on the main line side of the STOP
board and is a guide to stopping trains based on 11 x 100 tonne BAA wagons.
The road traffic lights will remain lit whilst a train is within the Slab Bay or adjoining siding until the local control switch is
again restored after the outgoing movement is at a stand on the main line side of the crossing, clear of the STOP board.
In the event of a failure of the road traffic lights, BSC will appoint a person to take charge during the period rail movements
require to be made over the crossing. The EW&S person in charge must not authorise a rail movement to be made over
the level crossing until permission has been received from the BSC person in charge.
Movements to the Slab Bay or adjoining siding - All incoming movements must be propelled. When the train has been
brought to a stand at the STOP board at the level crossing, the EW&S person in charge must, where the train requires to
proceed to the Slab Bay, obtain the permission of the BSC person in charge of the Slab Bay to enter the Slab Bay. On
receiving permission to proceed the EW&S person in charge must operate the local control switch for the level crossing.
Where the movement requires to enter the adjacent siding, the EW&S person in charge need not obtain BSC permission
for such movement.
Movements from the Slab Bay or adjoining siding - Before a movement is made from the Slab Bay, the EW&S person in
charge must obtain an assurance from the BSC person in charge of the Slab Bay that it is safe to do so. On receipt of
such assurance the EW&S person in charge must ensure that the level crossing road traffic lights are operating before
authorising the movement to commence.
Before a movement is made from the adjoining siding, the EW&S person in charge must ensure that the level crossing
road traffic lights are operating before authorising the movement to commence. Permission from BSC is not required for
such movement.
When the outgoing movement is at a stand clear of the STOP board, the EW&S person in charge must operate the local
control switch for the level crossing to extinguish the road traffic lights. Additionally, where the movement was made from
the Slab Bay, the EW&S person in charge must advise the BSC person in charge of the Slab Bay that all shunting/train
movements to the Slab Bay have ceased.
                                                                                                                  Dated: 27/12/19

October 2009                                                     74
