Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




Maintenance Sheds : Movements to and from Sheds
The following instructions apply to :-
Maintenance Sheds - Sidings Nos.1 to 3
Where reference is made in the following instructions to “Designated Person”, this means the person responsible for
protection inside the shed concerned (normally the Maintenance Supervisor), who is identified by an orange armband
bearing the letters “DP” in black.
1.   When required to move vehicles into the maintenance shed concerned the driver must stop at the signal situated on
     the approach to the shed doors.
2.   The driver or shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the
     train is at a stand at the signal. If the designated person has removed all the protection inside the shed concerned,
     opened the shed doors and lowered the de-railers, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then
     proceed with the movement as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for persons or obstructions.
3.   If after the plunger has been depressed the shed doors remain closed and the signal continues to show a stop aspect,
     the driver or shunter must request the designated person to remove the protection. When this has been done, the
     driver or shunter must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement may
     then proceed as far as the line is clear.
4.   A movement out of the shed concerned must not be started unless the exit signal at the shed door is showing a
     proceed aspect or the conditions of clause 6 have been met. A movement must only proceed as far as the line is
     clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the vehicle is not within the shed in which case the shunter,
     where provided, is responsible for advising the driver when the shed exit signal concerned is showing a proceed
     aspect.
5.   No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during a failure, and
     then only under direct supervision of the designated person.
6.   If the signals into or out of a shed fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle must stop at the signal and must
     only proceed as far as the line is clear after the designated person has personally advised the driver, and shunter,
     where provided, protection has been removed and the stop signal may be passed.
Minor maintenance work within the depot
Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”, this means the person responsible for
protection on the siding concerned who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters “DP” in black.
To enable minor maintenance work to be carried out other than in the Maintenance Shed, special hinged “STOP” boards
and manually operated derailers are provided on the following sidings, at both ends unless stated otherwise :-
                   Nos.1 and 2 sidings
                   Loco Fuel siding
                   Fuel Tank siding (Glasgow end only)
                   Old Fitting Shop siding (Paisley end only)
                   Nos.1 and 2 Departure sidings
                   Nos.1-4 Cleaning Shed sidings
When not in use, the special “STOP” boards will be in the lowered position i.e. horizontal, between the rails and the
derailers will be clear of the rail.
When maintenance work is being carried out, the special “STOP” boards will be secured in the upright position and the
derailers will be placed over the rails on the siding concerned. Rail movements are prohibited on sidings protected in this
manner.
It if is necessary for a movement to be made to, or from, a siding protected as above, such movement must not be made
until the designated person has personally given the person in charge of the movement an assurance that it is safe for the
movement to commence, after the appropriate boards and derailers have been lowered / moved clear of the rails.
Where repair work requires to be carried out in the Cleaning Shed sidings or Departure sidings, where there are platforms,
the vehicle parking brake must be used instead of scotches (the Rule Book, Module T10, Section 3.1 is modified
accordingly). At all other locations, scotches must be used.
                                                                                                          Dated: 06/06/09




October 2009                                                    81
