                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC11



       Method of Protection
       Imposing the blockage
       When it is necessary to block a platform line to protect staff, the following procedure must be carried out:
       (a) Before work starts, the permission of the signalling centre manager must be obtained by the person requiring the
           blockage. If the signalling centre manager is satisfied that the working of the station will not be unduly disrupted
           during the blockage he will give the person requiring the blockage permission to telephone the signaller from the
           appropriate lockout cabinet and also give that person a task number to quote to the signaller.
       (b) The person requiring the blockage must:
           • unlock the appropriate lockfast cabinet
           • telephone the signaller giving his name, employing organisation and the task number he has been given
           • ask for the appropriate platform blockage
           • tell the signaller for how long this will be required
           The signaller will record this detail.
       (c) When the signaller is able to grant the blockage, a green indication in the cabinet will illuminate and the person
           requiring protection must press the button and, simultaneously, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet.
           If the green indication has extinguished, the person requiring protection must:
           •  confirm to the signaller that the lockout key is in his possession
           •  ask the signaller to read him the entry he has made and, if satisfied this is correct, repeat his name and
              employing organisation and task number allocated.
           •  relock the cabinet.
         (d) If the signaller cannot agree to giving the release when, or soon after, requested, he will liaise with the signalling
           centre manager as to when the work can be allowed to commence.


       Method of Protection
       During the work
       The lockout key must be retained in the personal possession of the person who requested the blockage until returned to
       the cabinet.
       When work is completed
       (a) When the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the line, the person who requested protection must
           advise the signaller accordingly, repeating his name, employing organisation and task number. When instructed
           by the signaller, the person who requested protection must insert the lockout key and turn the key in the direction
           indicated on the label in the lockout unit. The person who requested the protection must get the permission of the
           signaller to relock the cabinet.
       (b) The person requesting lockout protection must, normally, be the same individual who completes the work and
           gives up the protection. In exceptional circumstances, the person requesting lockout protection may hand over to
           a relief provided he advises the signaller the name and employing organisation of his relief, and quotes the task
           number to the signaller.


       PRINCES STREET GARDENS
       The procedure for the use of a lockout to afford staff protection may require to be applied for each intervening track in this
       multi-track area to allow access to/egress from the portion of line where work requires to be carried out. Lockout protection
       must be taken of all necessary intervening tracks before staff are permitted to proceed to the line concerned and must not
       be given up until all staff are safely located at the site of work. When work is completed, this procedure must again be
       applied before staff are permitted to proceed to the agreed exit point from the railway.


       HAYMARKET TUNNELS
       The tunnel lockouts are of the ‘key enabled’ type. To activate any of these lockouts, the COSS must obtain the appropriate
       key from the lockfast cabinet at the Waverley end of platforms 2 and 3 at Haymarket station.




       October 2009                 66
