Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10




SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
BERWICK To Reston GSP

Rule Book, Module P1 - When single line working is introduced, it must apply between the facing crossover (No. 535) at
the north end of Berwick station and Reston crossovers.
When single line working is in operation over the Down line, it will not be necessary to appoint a handsignaller for Up
direction trains. Drivers of Up direction trains must be instructed by the Pilotman to obey Tweedmouth signals TW180R,
TW180 and TW176. Sections 3.5 and 6.2 are modified accordingly.
Drivers of Up trains may be authorised to proceed without being accompanied by the Pilotman. Section 6.2(b) is modified
accordingly.
The above arrangements are applicable in all weather conditions.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
Torness Sdg GSP

The siding connection is controlled from a switch panel located in a cabinet adjacent to the points. The panel is electrically
released from Edinburgh signalling centre.
To operate the siding connection, the person in charge of the movement must first communicate with the signaller,
thereafter open the door of the switch panel cabinet by means of the plunger provided. When the signaller gives
permission for the panel to be operated, the ‘F’ indication above No.2 switch will become illuminated and No.2 switch must
be turned to the right hand position. When this has been done, the ‘F’ indication will be extinguished and replaced by the
illumination of the ‘ACC’ indication. Thereafter, No.1 switch must be turned to the right hand position to operate the points.
The illuminated ‘R’ indicates that the points are correctly set.
After the train movement is completed, the switches must be restored to the left hand position, the signaller advised when
this has been done and the cabinet door closed.
Overhead crane gantry - A position light signal is located on the overhead crane gantry to indicate to the person in
charge of the movement when the crane jib is operating and when it is clear to proceed under the gantry.
The aspects exhibited are :-
                      Aspect                                                Meaning

One white light and one red light horizontally         Jib operating - do not proceed under crane
displayed two white lights at an angle of 45           gantryJib not operating - clear to proceed under
degrees                                                crane gantry


When no aspect is exhibited, the person in charge of the movement must work to the instructions of the power station staff
in attendance. A proceed indication exhibited does not override any other handsignal or instruction which requires the
driver to stop.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
Oxwellmains

Lafarge sidings

Down sidings - Train movements are made under the control of the Lafarge shunter.
                                                                                                           Dated: 08/11/08




October 2009                                                 44
