                                                          OFFICIAL


                                     Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9



SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
Lower Crianlarich TEP

Drivers are exempt from carrying out the 'loop clear' procedure after passing Lower Crianlarich.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
DALMALLY TEP To TAYNUILT TEP

Pass of Brander - Automatic stone signals - Between the 51¾ and 56 mile posts in the Pass of Brander, 16 automatic
stone signals are erected on the South or loch side, and one near the 54 mile post on the North or hill side of the line, at
irregular distances from each other, and at points where the best view can be obtained of them from either direction. All
these signal posts carry an Up and a Down arm, with the exception of the one at the East end which carries a Down arm
only, and the one at the West end which carries an Up arm only. The signals are connected by a number of wires forming
a screen which runs along the top of the railway slope on the hill side of the line, and so long as the screen wires remain
intact, the signals remain clear; but in the event of a stone falling from the mountain and one or more wires being broken;
Up and Down signals go to danger. Every alternate wire passes the first signal post and is connected with the second
signal post, and when a driver sights a signal at danger he must reduce speed and proceed cautiously in accordance with
the Rule Book, Module S5, until a second clear signal is reached - as there may be one clear signal between two danger
ones - or until the last special signal for the falling stones is passed. He must also inform the signaller at Banavie
signalling centre by radio that a stone signal is at danger.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
CONNEL FERRY TEP To OBAN TEP

Single Line Block Section - The Down direction single line block section is defined as the line between the stop board at
Connel Ferry and the designated line buffer stop at Oban.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
OBAN TEP

Station Limits - Station Limits is defined as the line between the Station Limits board and the buffer stops.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06

SC143 - CRIANLARICH TO OBAN
Entire Line Of Route

Automatic Warning System - Referring to the Rule Book, Handbook RS/521 Section 1.5, Cancelling indicators are not
provided.
Special authority cards - Cancelled special authority cards referred to in clause 4.1. and 6.2. of the instructions Single
Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
Work and Others Concerned must be left at the signing off point.
                                                                                                          Dated: 07/12/13

SC145 - FORT WILLIAM JN TO MALLAIG
CORPACH

Drivers of Up trains must report, by radio, to Banavie signalling centre departing from, or passing, Corpach station.
                                                                                                          Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                 59
