Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC2



SC001 - GRETNA JN TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA BEATTOCK)
RAVENSTRUTHER COAL TERMINAL
Only one train must be allowed in the sidings at a time.
The means of controlling the propelling movement of trains to and from the Terminal, and within the Terminal, is by radio
equipment, in accordance with the Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 4.2(b), supplied by Crouch Mining. The radio system
transmits a bleep tone every few seconds between voice transmissions and is an indication that the system is functioning.
Should it become apparent that the radio equipment has ceased to function, the driver must not make a movement, or
where a movement is being carried out the driver must immediately bring his train to a stand and must not resume the
movement, until the radio equipment is again functioning or arrangements have been made for the movement of the train
to be controlled by handsignals.
Train arrivals - Trains arriving from the South will be propelled to the Arrival/Departure line. On arrival at the Terminal
from the South, the driver must bring his train to a stand with the locomotive opposite signal GMC410 (at the connection to
the Terminal). The person in charge of the movement must then proceed to the Terminal rail entrance and uplift the radio
handsets supplied by Crouch Mining from the yellow cabinet attached to a post inside the Terminal rail entrance.
The person in charge of the movement must then return to the train, hand a radio handset to the driver and carry out an
initial test transmission to ensure that both radios are working using the words “PERSON IN CHARGE OF MOVEMENT
TO DRIVER” which must be acknowledged. CONTINUOUS VOICE TRANSMISSION MUST BE USED THROUGHOUT.
STRICT RADIO DISCIPLINE MUST BE MAINTAINED
The radio handsets used are those which will also be used by Crouch Mining to control train movements within the
Terminal and, after having completed the propelling movement to the Arrival/Departure line, the instructions in respect to
their use within the Terminal will apply.
Movements within the Terminal - After the train has arrived complete within the Arrival/Departure line and prior to being
in a position to commence movement towards the loading Hopper, the driver must make an initial test transmission with
the Crouch Mining Operator, which must be preceded by the words “DRIVER TO CROUCH MINING OPERATOR” and
which will be acknowledged. STRICT RADIO DISCIPLINE MUST BE MAINTAINED.
The driver, on receipt of permission from the Crouch Mining Operator to proceed towards the Hopper line for loading and
weighing, must ascertain that signal GMC400 position light is displaying a proceed aspect (supported by lineside ‘OFF’
indications when propelling), proceed at 5 mph until instructed by the Crouch Mining Operator to “STOP AND ENGAGE
SLOW SPEED CONTROL”, thereafter movements over the Hopper line will be at ½ mph.
During movements towards the Hopper line, the train will be tare weighed and loaded and, when loading is complete, the
train must be stopped at the Hopper prior to the locomotive being uncoupled and the train rounded.
During the loading process all instructions between the Crouch Mining Operator and the driver will be confined to those
requiring the train to ‘STOP’ or ‘START’ as required and will not require to be acknowledged by the Driver.
When loading has been completed the person in charge of the movement must proceed along the train and examine the
wagon discharge doors before uncoupling the locomotive prior to rounding.
The radio sets held by the person in charge of the movement and driver may be used for brake testing/rounding purposes
and all transmissions, which must be acknowledged, must be preceded by the words “PERSON IN CHARGE OF
MOVEMENT TO DRIVER” and vice versa.
After rounding, the train will then proceed to the Arrival/Departure line, being gross weighed in the process.
The person in charge of the movement must advise the Crouch Mining Operator when it is safe to move the train.
The Crouch Mining Operator will instruct the driver to proceed to the Arrival/Departure line. If it is necessary to ‘top up’
wagons prior to gross weighing, the Crouch Mining Operator will give the appropriate instructions.
Train departures - After arriving in the Arrival/Departure line, prior to propelling from signal GMC400, the radios must be
retained. Another test transmission must be carried out to ensure both radios are working using the words “PERSON IN
CHARGE OF MOVEMENT TO DRIVER” which must be acknowledged. CONTINUOUS VOICE TRANSMISSION MUST
BE USED THROUGHOUT. STRICT RADIO DISCIPLINE MUST BE MAINTAINED
After completing the propelling movement from the Arrival/Departure line and when the train is at a stand within signal
GMC410, the person in charge of the movement must proceed to the Terminal rail entrance and return the radio handsets
to the yellow cabinet.
Cripple siding - The padlock key giving access to the Cripple Siding ground frame is held in the Weighbridge Office, and
arrangements for obtaining this key must be made with the Crouch Mining Operator. The key must be returned after use.
Departing the terminal – Drivers of loaded trains requiring to proceed via the Up Mossend East Curve must, when
requesting permission to depart from the terminal, advise the signaller of the type of wagon on the train.

                                                                                                         Dated: 27/12/19




October 2009                                                73
