       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1


                    Standard differential
                                   Non-Standard
                                   differential speed
                    speed restriction
                                   restriction
                    20             20
                    40             SP
                                   40


       The abbreviation used in the Non-Standard differential speed restrictions is as defined in Rule Book Module SP,
       Section 2.5 - Permissible speed indicators with letters.
       The above example of a non-standard differential speed restriction indicates that Sprinter trains are permitted to travel at
       40mph and all other trains at 20mph.
       On single and bi-directional lines where different speeds apply in each direction the speeds are shown together with an
       arrow head indicating the direction in which they apply. The arrow head for the Up direction is to the left of the running
       line, and that for the Down direction to the right.
       On single and bi-directional lines where the same speed applies to movements in either direction, no arrows are shown
       Unless indicated otherwise by speed signs, the maximum speed over connections to sidings and yards is 15 mph and the
       maximum speed in Depots and Carriage Sidings is 5 mph.
       Where another line or lines lead off from the running line (a loop or additional running line), the speed for that new line will
       be indicated in the connection and will remain until a change in speed is indicated as normal.
       In the Scotland route Sectional Appendix, in accordance with previous signing practices, some speeds may not be
       indicated on the lineside by a speed sign. Such speeds are therefore prefixed by a small, angled dash to denote that
       lineside signs may not be provided.

       Signalling & Remarks column
       The “Signalling & Remarks” column contains the following details at the top of each page, and again whenever any of the
       details therein change:




       GSM-R
       There are two types of GSM-R radio system in use:
       1.GSM-R train radio which provides drivers, guards and other on-train staff with a secure means of communication with
         the signaller, operations controller and ECO for use as the normal method of communication. Areas equipped with
         GSM-R train radio fixed infrastructure are indicated with the symbol shown below (specific details are shown at the
         top of each page adjacent to or immediately below the controlling signal box information).




       April 2010                   99
