                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC3



       SC039 - KILMARNOCK TO BARASSIE
       Caledonian Paper Mill Sdg

       Exchange sidings - The sidings are designated Loop 1, Loop 2 and Loop 3, arranged from left to right, respectively, to
       drivers of trains arriving from the main line. The person in charge of the movement must ensure that the siding to which
       the train is to run is clear throughout. No vehicle must be left on the single line between the exchange sidings and the
       main line connection.
       Paper Mill sidings - When it is necessary for a train to enter the Mill sidings, the driver must bring the train to a stand at
       the colour light signal, which is capable of exhibiting a red or green aspect, on the main line side of the access gate. The
       driver must not enter the sidings until the gate has been opened, the signal is exhibiting a green aspect and a member of
       the Mill staff is accompanying the movement. If this person is not in attendance at the signal on the arrival of the train, the
       person in charge of the movement must use the telephone adjacent to the signal to advise the Mill gatehouse that a
       movement requires to enter the Mill sidings.
       A member of the Mill staff will accompany all movements entering the Mill from the access gate to the China Clay
       discharge/Warehouse sidings and on the return from the Mill to the access gate. This person will be responsible for the
       operation of hand points within the Mill (the Rule Book, Module SS2, is modified accordingly). The driver must ensure that
       the colour light signal located adjacent to the access gate, on the Mill side of the gate, is exhibiting a green aspect before
       departing from the Mill sidings towards the exchange sidings. The opening and closing of the access gate is the
       responsibility of the firm’s staff.
       The speed of trains operating within the Mill must not exceed 5mph. In the event of a signal exhibiting a red aspect when
       the access gate is opened, the driver must not proceed beyond the signal towards either the Mill sidings or the exchange
       sidings, as appropriate, unless authorised to do so by a member of the Mill staff accompanying the movement.
       The clearance of the signals is an indication only that the access gate has been fully opened and the provisions of the
       Rule Book, Handbook RS1521, do not apply in respect of these signals.
                                                           Dated: 07/12/13

       SC045 - EAST KILBRIDE TO BUSBY JN.
       Entire Line Of Route

       Data Link Failure

       If the data link between West of Scotland signalling centre and Barrhead interlocking fails such that it is necessary to
       institute Working by Pilotman, the requirements for the pilotman to inform the signaller when he arrives at East Kilbride
       station is exempt. The Rule Book, Module P2 is modified accordingly.
       The provisions of the Rule Book, Module S5 must otherwise be observed.

       Speed Restriction

       Due to the signal spacing on this line of route and braking characteristics of Engineering, Freight trains and
       light locomotives, a blanket speed restriction of 20mph applies.

                                                           Dated: 13/09/14

       SC051 - MUIRHOUSE CENTRAL JN. TO MUIRHOUSE NORTH JN. (VIA
       CATHCART) (CATHCART CIRCLE)
       Entire Line Of Route

       Due to the signal spacing on this line of route and braking characteristics of Engineering, Freight trains and light
       locomotives, a blanket speed restriction of 20mph applies.
                                                           Dated: 13/09/14

       SC053 – NEILSTON TO CATHCART WEST JN
       Entire Line Of Route

       Due to the signal spacing on this line of route and braking characteristics of Engineering, Freight trains and light
       locomotives, a blanket speed restriction of 20mph applies.

                                                           Dated: 13/09/14




       October 2009                 66
