Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10


SC164 - TWEEDBANK TO NEWCRAIGHALL NORTH JUNCTION
Entire Line Of Route
Protection of staff by lockout
Lockouts are provided at Tweedbank Station as follows:
Platform                Lockout Number                     Limits
1                       9040                               EMB241 – Buffer Stops
2                       9041                               EMB243 – Buffer Stops
The lockout cabinets are located at the buffer end of the platforms concerned.
Tweedbank platform lockouts - alternative procedure

If the work which requires the use of a platform lockout involves any of the following, the person requiring the blockage
must have a minimum competence level as detailed in Module T10:

           ▪    Cleaning of track in platforms
           ▪    White lining platforms
           ▪    Train maintenance staff working on trains at track level
           ▪    Staff carrying out manual railhead treatment
A lockout key may also provide protection for the adjoining (platform) line(s).
When you have reached a clear understanding you must record the following on the form provided for this purpose.
The details of the person requiring the blockage
        ▪        The line affected
        ▪        The nature of the work
        ▪        The time required
When you release a lockout key, you must record the details in the occurrence book of the name, employing
organisation, time and the lockout platform number granted. These combined generate the task number.
You may allow the blockage to be taken if you have not cleared a route or given authority for a movement to or from
the affected platform line. You must then tell the person requiring the blockage and select the appropriate lockout
roundel. The Normal indication will extinguish, the Release indication will flash and the appropriate screen reminder
indications, outlining the extent of the area affected by operation of the lockout, will illuminate. When the key is
removed from the cabinet the Release indication will steady.
Protection of staff on or about the line by lockout
You must place reminder appliances on the controls for those signals controlling movements to and from the affected
line, using exit controls where possible for routes into the affected area and entrance controls for routes out of the
affected area.
The person requiring the blockage will tell you when the lockout key is in his possession and ask you to read the entry
you have made in the occurrence book. When this person is satisfied that this is correct, he will repeat his name,
employing organisation and task number.
The lockout key will be kept in the personal possession of the person who requested the blockage, throughout, until
returned to the cabinet.
The person who requested the blockage will tell you when the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the
line, repeating his name, employing organisation and task number. You may then instruct this person to replace the
lockout key in the cabinet.
The replacement of the key in the control unit within the cabinet will cause the lockout roundel indication to flash. You
must select the roundel to:
         ▪      Extinguish the indication
         ▪      Extinguish the limits of the lockout area on the screen
         ▪      Illuminate the Normal indication
This locks the key within the cabinet control unit again. You may then remove all reminder appliances as the signal
routes are again available for use. The person who requested the protection will ask for your permission to relock the
cabinet. You may give this permission if you have obtained the normal indication as detailed above.
The person requesting lockout protection will, normally, be the same individual who completes the work and gives up
the protection. In exceptional circumstances, the person requesting lockout protection may hand over to a relief if he
tells you the name and employing organisation of his relief and, again, quotes the task number to you.
Any fault or failure associated with the lockout equipment must be dealt with as detailed above in the instructions
headed failure of equipment and must be reported to Route Control.

                                                                                                    Dated: 06/06/2015
October 2009                                                  60
