                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




AUTOMATIC HALF BARRIER LEVEL CROSSINGS
With reference to the Rule Book Module OTM, section 3.3, and Module TW5, section 22.3 (c), all automatic half barrier
level crossings (AHBC) in Scotland are provided with treadles.
                                                                               Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 04/03/17


Automatic Power Changeover Sites (APCo)
As part of the introduction of the Intercity Express Train (IET) Balises and lineside signage has been installed at strategic
locations across LNE, Anglia, LNW & Scotland. The track mounted Balise’s communicate with the train which will
automatically change traction mode between electric and diesel, either dynamically (shortly after passing the Balise), or
statically when the train next comes to a stand (normally a station stop). Signage is not normally installed for APCo
pantograph raise sites, however, signage is usually provided as a supplementary prompt to the driver to ensure the train
has transitioned from electric to diesel with the pantographs safely lowered. APCo sites and associated signage may be
for all trains or only selective trains or certain routes for which the trains should respond using the information held in the
headcode for the service relative to the location. The sectional Appendix Table A and the Isolation Diagrams & Instructions
for the route cover the locations.
The following sign has been provided at the APCo zone. This sign is applicable to Bi-mode Class 800 and 802.

               Power Changeover Reminder Signage – Electric to Diesel Mode (E>D)
                       Sign                                                   Action



                                                      Lower Pantograph Changeover Sign
                                                      This sign means lower pantograph it is used to
                                                      advise drivers to lower the pantograph in
                                                      association with an APCO site.
                                                      At this sign if the APCO has not worked the driver
                                                      will commence manual traction change over
                                                      procedures.
                                                      This sign is also used for other purposed as
                                                      outline in the Rule Book Modules.
                                                      This sign may be accompanied by additional
                                                      information, this could be a directional arrow,
                                                      location name, or class specific
Trains that fail to transition at an APCO Pantograph raise site (D>E) must only attempt a manual transition to electric
mode as outlined in the Rule Book Modules for raising Pantographs. Other reminders or prompts for traction type
changeover may also be in place.
                                                                               Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 17/10/20




April 2010                                                 27
