                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC3



       SC031 - GRETNA JN. TO GLASGOW CENTRAL (VIA KILMARNOCK)
       GLASGOW CENTRAL

       Signals not equipped with a telephone - The signal post telephones at certain main and position light signals within the
       West of Scotland signalling centre area of control have been removed due to limited clearance with the adjacent running
       line. Special reflective plates incorporating a white diamond sign and PABX number of the appropriate signalling panel
       are provided at these signals. When a train is brought to a stand at such a signal, the driver must immediately use the cab
       radio to contact the signaller. The Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 39.7 and Rule Book, Module S4, Section 1 are
       modified accordingly.
       Trains leaving station platforms - Drivers of trains leaving the station must not move their trains forward towards the
       platform signal until it is cleared, unless they are specially ordered to do so by the person in charge. This order must not
       be given unless the permission of the signaller has been obtained.
       Trains arriving into Platform 11 - Due to the restricted platform width along the Arch wall, Platform 11 must not stable
       more than 11 coaches of any formation unless published or the Glasgow Central Duty Station Manager has been informed
       by the Signaller at the West of Scotland Signalling Centre (WSSC) and confirmed that the station’s control measures are
       or will be implemented.
       Trains worked by two locomotives - When an arriving train is worked by two locomotives, the person in charge of the
       platform must advise the signaller accordingly and convey to the drivers any instructions regarding the disposal of the
       locomotives. The locomotives must not be uncoupled from each other until the signaller’s permission has been obtained.
       Hydraulic buffers - These buffers may, for testing purposes, require to be compressed, and this must be done by the
       locomotive in the platform line at the time the test is required or by special arrangement. Drivers will be instructed as
       necessary by the person in charge.
       Locomotive horns - Drivers must not sound the locomotive horn more than is absolutely necessary. The locomotive horn
       may be sounded to warn anyone who may be on the line, or otherwise when instructed by a station official. Except in
       emergency, long and repeated sounding of the horn is not allowed within the limits of the station.
       Station area - Rule Book, Module G1, Section 6 - Modified protection arrangements – patrolman
       The undernoted instructions do not apply where lockout protection is available.
       1.Because of the multiplicity of closely spaced track and short sections involved, the standard emergency protection
         arrangements are not suited to the localised situation of, for example, a broken rail condition. As patrolling duties are
         normally undertaken in daylight hours the following procedure is authorised for emergency protection by the
         patrolman and lookoutman :-
         The patrolman must :-
         1.Place a track circuit operating clip on the affected track or tracks.
         2.Instruct the lookoutman to remain at the fault where safe and practicable and exhibit a hand danger signal.
           Should it not be safe or practicable the lookoutman should place the hand danger signal in the four foot and
           move to the nearest place of safety.
         3.Proceed to the nearest telephone as quickly as possible and inform the signaller.
         4.On receiving assurance from the signaller that the necessary protective action has been taken, withdraw the
           lookoutman and arrange for the necessary repair to be carried out as quickly as possible.
       The placing of detonators as required by the Rule Book, Module G1, Section 6.2 is exempt within the undernoted limits
       From signals GG5191 / GG5211 / GG5213 at OB74 at Eglinton Street and signals GG5830 / GG5832 on the Bridge Street
       lines inwards to the station.




       Protection of staff by lockout – Lockouts are provided throughout this area as follows :-
           Location   Lockout Cabinet
                                    Telephone         Protects
       Glasgow Central
                     At buffer end
                                 At cabinet   Platform 1 from buffer to signal GG5601
       Platform 1 (9101)
       Glasgow Central
                     At buffer end
                                 At cabinet   Platform 2 from buffer to signal GG5702 ;
       Platform 2 (buffer end)                Platform 3 from buffer to signal GG5603




       October 2009                  61
