                                   OFFICIAL


                         Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC9



         points, the clamp and scotch must be removed, returned to the receptacle provided and an assurance to this effect
         given to the signaller at Banavie signalling centre when this has been done.
         d)Override switch for junction points - The override switch for the junction points is located in the lockfast box
           adjacent to these points. This override switch normally lies in the centre position. Switching it to the left sets the
           points for the main line. Switching it to the right sets the points for the Oban branch. When operated to a
           position, the switch will remain in this position until it is again operated. This switch must only be operated under
           the instructions of the signaller at Banavie signalling centre.

       If instructed by the signaller to operate this switch, the driver, or other person concerned, must carry out the following
       procedure :-

         1.if the points are already in the correct position for the route required, the driver, or person concerned, must
           operate the switch for the other route, check that the points have moved to the other route, and then operate the
           switch to the route required and check that the points have moved to the route required.
         2.if the points are not already in the correct position for the route required, the driver, or person concerned, must
           operate the switch for the route required and check that the points have moved to this position. He must then
           operate the switch for the other route, check that the points have moved to this position, and then operate the
           switch for the required route again, and check that the points are in the correct position for the route required.

       If the override switch fails to move the points to the required position, the driver, or person concerned must report this to
       the signaller, who will send for the person appointed to manually operate the junction points. The driver must not pass the
       'Points Set' indicator until he receives the verbal permission of the signaller.

       If the points have been operated to the required position, the driver must confirm this to the signaller. The driver of a
       Down direction train must operate the appropriate plunger again, when so instructed by the signaller. If the correct route
       indication can still not be obtained, in certain failure conditions, the driver must then be instructed to proceed to the
       lockfast box at either the up branch or the up main Points Set Indicator (which ever is relevant to his intended direction of
       travel) and report the indications on display therein. If both Junction Points and Loop Points indications are confirmed by
       the driver to be illuminated then the relevant down train may be authorised to proceed over the junction points. The driver
       must also be instructed to restore the junction points to the main position and the override switch to the centre position and
       confirm this has been done before continuing. The driver must also confirm that he has also relocked the relevant lockfast
       box at the Up Main or Up Branch Points Set Indicator.

        The driver of an Up direction train must report to the signaller whether the 'Points Set' indicator is now illuminated, and
       must then act on the instructions of the signaller. He must not pass the 'Points Set' indicator without the verbal permission
       of the signaller. When such permission is given, before proceeding, the driver must relock the lockfast box beside the
       indicator post and confirm to the signaller that this has been done.

       When the driver of an Up or Down direction train has proceeded over the junction points after the operation of the override
       switch, and the train is clear of both the loop points and the junction points, he must return the override switch to the
       centre position, relock the box and confirm to the signaller when this has been done.
       a)Engineers' machines - An engineer's machine which cannot be relied upon to actuate track circuits must not
         proceed over the junction points to / from Tyndrum Lower until the override switch has been operated under the
         instructions of the signaller at Banavie signalling centre.
       Drivers of Down direction machines will be instructed to operate the override switch before operating the appropriate
       plunger.
       Drivers of Up direction machines must stop at the 'Points Set' indicator on the approach to Crianlarich, even if it is
       illuminated, and act under the instructions of the signaller.
       The override switch must be operated in accordance with the previous instructions under the heading Override switch for
       junction points.
       Engineering Possessions - If an engineering possession is required between the two single sided Station Limits boards
       between Crianlarich and Tyndrum Lower, the engineer must be in possession of both the Crianlarich to Tyndrum Lower
       'Engineering' token and also the Crianlarich 'Shunt' token. Before the signaller issues the 'Shunt' token, the engineer must
       set the junction points for the branch under the instructions of the signaller, and in accordance with the instructions under
       the heading Override switch for junction points. When the 'Shunt' token is returned, the engineer must confirm to the
       signaller that the override switch has been returned to the centre position, and the box relocked.
       RETB Working by Pilotman - If it is necessary to divide a Down direction passenger train or combine Up direction
       passenger trains at Crianlarich, two Pilotmen must be appointed to the following sections simultaneously -
           Pilotman A - Ardlui (or south thereof) and Upper Tyndrum.
           Pilotman B - Crianlarich Lower GF and Dalmally (or west thereof).
       Down trains to be divided - Down trains must be accompanied by Pilotman A between Ardlui (or south thereof) and
       Crianlarich. After the train has been divided, providing Pilotman B is present and permission for the train to occupy the




       October 2009                 55
