                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1


       2.For the purposes of the Rules and Regulations, during a PACS movement, the PCV driver must be regarded as the
         driver of the movement. In the case of any out of course working, the driver of the PCV must immediately advise the
         locomotive driver accordingly.
       3.The maximum permitted speed is 40 MPH, (subject to any lower permanent or temporary speed restrictions).
       4.The GSM-R radio equipment must not be used by the PCV driver, or locomotive driver, except in an emergency, or,
         subject to the provisions of the Rule Book, Module TW1,Section 3.5 while the train is at a stand.

                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 07/05/16


       CLEANING OF ELECTRIC MULTIPLE UNIT CAB
       WINDOWS IN ELECTRIFIED AREAS
       Upon request from drivers, the cleaning of the front cab windows nearest to the platform at which an electric multiple unit
       is standing may be carried out at the undernoted stations:-
       Glasgow Central      Wemyss Bay          Milngavie
       Motherwell           Airdrie             Dalmuir
       Gourock              Helensburgh         Springburn
       Ayr                  Largs               Bathgate
       Edinburgh Waverley


                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 18/10/10

       CLEANING TRACK AREAS IN STATIONS
       1.  PRINCIPLE

       The undernoted instructions do not apply where platform lockout protection is available.
       When litter, etc requires to be removed from the track of a dead-end platform line or dead-end non-platform line, safety
       must be maintained. Such track cleaning is limited to the portion of line between the buffer stops and a point opposite the
       top of the platform ramps.
       The undernoted instructions provide a safe method of protection by blocking lines to trains whilst staff are working. It is
       not, therefore, necessary for a COSS (or PC) to be appointed and the provisions of Handbook 6 and 7 are exempt.
       2.  DEFINITIONS

       2.1 Person in charge
       The person in charge is the Station Supervisor, if provided, or other person designated with this responsibility, who must
       be certified in Personal Track Safety Rules.
       3.  METHOD

       3.1 Protection of Track Cleaning
       The person responsible for the protection of the track cleaning (who is referred to in this instruction as the person in
       charge), must agree with the signaller the locations and times of track cleaning, which must be selected to minimise
       interference with train running, and arrange for the line affected and any adjacent line, whether or not it is being cleaned,
       to be protected by a controlled stop signal.
       4.  BEFORE TRACK CLEANING STARTS

       4.1 Arrangements to be made between person in charge and Signaller
       Before track cleaning starts, the person in charge must advise and agree with the signaller :
         d)which line(s) will be affected.
         e)the length of time required, the time when permission may be given for track cleaning to start and the time it
           must be completed.
         f)that all signals which give access to the lines concerned will be maintained at Danger.
       4.2 Reminder Appliances
       The signaller must, at the time agreed with the person in charge, place or maintain the signals concerned to Danger and
       use the necessary reminder appliances.
       In the case of EN/EX panels, the reminder appliances must be placed on the exit button for the route(s) leading to the
       line(s) concerned and the special 'TRACK CLEANING' reminders placed adjacent to the exit button(s) concerned.



       April 2010                  36
