Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




Rule Book Module AC - Electrified lines
Section 14 - Instructions for examining the OLE when it is necessary
On receiving a report from a Driver of an ADD activation the requirements of this instruction should be complied with
provided all the following conditions apply:
    •   The train involved is a Virgin class 390 (Pendolino).
    •   No loss of OHL supply has occurred (no tripping).
    •   The pantograph in use at the time of the ADD activation has been lowered and the second pantograph
        has been raised, no loss of OHL supply occurred (no tripping).
The next train through the section on the affected line must be cautioned to examine the line at a speed not exceeding
20mph from point of ADD to the location where the previous train came to a stand. In this circumstance there is no
requirement to examine from an adjacent line.
Where primary means of supporting the OLE is by a headspan wire then the 20mph speed restriction must be applied on
all lines until the above examination procedure is carried out successfully on each line or is proved clear by alternative
means.
Provided the examination(s) report no issues and there is no further ADD activation or tripping occurrences, normal
working may resume.
The infrastructure maintenance OHL teams must be called to inspect/patrol as normal by the ECO.
                                                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 21/11/09


Rule Book Module G1 - General safety responsibilities
Section 2, Clause 2.6 - Wearing protective clothing and equipment
Use of Safety Helmets By Traincrew

Traincrews requiring to enter possessions, which have been designated 'hard hat' areas in the Weekly Operating Notice,
will be issued with safety helmets and hygiene liners from their local depot.
The limits of the 'hard hat' area will be designated as the marker boards indicating each worksite.
Traincrews requiring to leave the train within a worksite must wear hard hats.
Lines which are open to traffic, adjacent to the possession, are not part of these hard hat arrangements.
                                                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Rule Book Module G1 - General safety responsibilities
Section 7, Clause 7.3 - Travelling in empty coaching-stock trains
Employees travelling in the course of their duties to or from their place of work are authorised to travel on empty coaching
stock trains between the following locations (both directions). This authority does not extend to vans, brake compartments
or driving cabs :-

                   Polmadie           -      Glasgow Central
                   Craigentinny       -      Edinburgh Waverley


                                                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




April 2010                                                13
