Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC065 – PAISLEY TO GOUROCK
GREENOCK WEST
Drivers whose trains are signalled to stop at down line signal PU104 at Greenock West should note that due to limited
clearance within Newton Street tunnel the signal post telephone (SPT) for this signal is located at the Gourock end of the
Down Platform.
                                                                                                            Dated: 31/10/10

SC073 - KILWINNING JN TO LARGS
Fairlie High Sdg GF
The permission of the signaller at Paisley signalling centre must be obtained before a train, which has not ‘shut-in’ at either
of the ground frames, proceeds from the siding towards Hunterston.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

SC073 - KILWINNING JN TO LARGS
Admiralty Sdg GF
The permission of the signaller at Paisley signalling centre must be obtained before a train, which has not ‘shut-in’ at either
of the ground frames, proceeds from the siding towards Hunterston.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06

SC079 - HUNTERSTON TO HUNTERSTON LOW LEVEL SDGS (GOODS
LINE)
Hunterston
Trains proceeding towards the Low level yard must not proceed beyond the STOP board on the Down Hunterston line
unless authorised, and accompanied, by the Freight Operating Company representative in attendance.
Only on train at a time must be permitted between the STOP board and the first set of hand points at the Low Level,
except in the event of train failure or other exceptional circumstance.
The Freight Operating Company representative must, when the train is at a stand at, and before authorising a movement
to proceed beyond, the STOP board, obtain an assurance from the signaller at Paisley signalling centre that the double to
single points on the Ardrossan side of yard exit signal PH524 are in the correct position for the movement.
If the double to single points fail, the following arrangements apply :-
Movement to yard - the Freight Operating Company representative will be given an assurance when the points are
secured in the correct position. The Freight Operating Company representative may then authorise the movement to
proceed beyond the STOP board. The provisions of the Rule Book, Section D are otherwise exempt.
Departure from yard - The Freight Operating Company representative must, when requested, give an assurance to the
signaller that no movement will be permitted to proceed beyond the STOP board towards the yard.


                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                   83
