                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC14



       SC195 - ABERDEEN TO INVERNESS
       ELGIN

       Elgin yard - Prior to entering the yard, the person in charge of the movement must walk forward to ascertain if the crane is
       working. If it is ascertained that the crane is working, then the person in charge of the movement must receive an
       assurance from the crane operator that no crane movements will take place while the train is entering or leaving the yard,
       or shunting is taking place within the yard. The person in charge of the movement must advise the crane operator when all
       movements have been completed.

                                                           Dated: 21/10/17

       SC195 - ABERDEEN TO INVERNESS
       INVERNESS

       Inverness Depot provides stabling, fuelling, servicing, maintenance and repair to ScotRail operated DMU and HST fleets.
       Also, fuelling and maintenance of other TOC vehicles per contract.

       All signals for entry and exit to the Depot are controlled by the Network Rail Signaller.

       Rail vehicles enter Inverness Depot from the South via signals I713 and I397, and from the North via signal I424.

       Rail vehicles leave Inverness Depot to the South via signals I716 and I724, and to the North via signal I733.

       All rail vehicle movements in to, out of and within the boundary of Inverness Depot are made under the control and
       authority of the Designated Person.

       All points within the boundary of Inverness Depot are manually operated by Depot Staff.

       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within Inverness Depot is 5mph with the exceptions of,
       • Within buildings/sheds
                         3mph.
       • When authorised to propel
                             3mph.
       • Through Millburn Wash Plant
                             2mph.
       All requests for access to rail vehicles stabled within Inverness Depot, must be made to the Designated Person.
       All rail vehicle movements are recorded.
       The 15 Roads within Inverness Depot boundary are.
       Road / Siding     Use
       CSMD
       No. 4 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 5 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 6 Sidings     Stabling
       No. 7 Sidings     Stabling
       No. 8 Sidings     Stabling
       TMD
       Fuelling Road     Fuelling and CET.
       Tank Road         Stabling.
       Stores Road       Stabling. Rail vehicle, road transportation transfer.
       Underframe Wash   Underframe washing.
       No. 1 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.
       No. 2 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building.




       October 2009                  33
