                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6

         2. Such a release must not be given unless the Yard Coordinator is satisfied that:
            It is safe to do so
            And
            No conflicting move has been authorised.
         3. The Yard Coordinator will release a slot for either CET/Fuel road number 1 or CET/Fuel road number 2 or for the
           Through Sidings.
         4. Drivers routed to CET Fuel roads numbers 1 or 2 must proceed to the CET/Fuel road stopping at the “STOP and
           check line ahead is clear before proceeding” board, sound the low tone on the horn and drive directly to the far
           end of the shed or 2 metres from any train already occupying the line.
         5. Drivers routed to Through sidings must stop at the “Stop and telephone for instructions board” and contact the Yard
           Coordinator who will advise which siding the train must then proceed to.
         6. Where an arriving train cannot enter the Depot the Signaller will, where practicable, route the train into Network Rail
           Sidings number 1 or 2. Driver must proceed to the buffer end.

       Rail Vehicles Departing from Eastfield Depot
       Movement towards the main departure signal, CC531 (which is preceded by CC529 for departures from sidings, preceded
       by CC527 for departures from No1 Shed or preceded by CC533 for departures from No2 Shed) must not commence until
       authorised by the YC.
         1. Drivers must contact the YC for departure instructions.
         2. The YC must ensure that the entire route is set for any movement towards the depot exit and must physically check
           all points are correctly set.
         3. Prior to authorising the departure movement, the YC must contact the Signaller to ensure no inward movements
           are signalled towards the inward Drivers Instructions Board. Once confirmed, the YC must request the Signallers’
           permission to allow the departure movement to proceed.
         4. The departure movement can only proceed when the Driver has been signalled by, or received verbal authorisation
           from, the Shunter.

       Rail Vehicles Departing from Eastfield Depot via CET/Fuel Roads Number 1 & 2
         1. The Yard Coordinator will advise Cowlairs Signaller when a train is to depart either CET/Fuel roads number 1 or 2.
         2. Drivers of departing trains must only move towards the exit signal (CC527 CET/Fuel number 1 or CC533 CET/Fuel
           road number 2) when instructed by the Yard Coordinator

       Rail Vehicle Movements Into/ Out of The Servicing Building
       General
       This details the procedures to ensure safety of staff when rail vehicles are attending Eastfield Depot for Servicing.
         1. Servicing activities at Eastfield Depot are mainly undertaken in the Fuel Shed.
         2. The Fuel Shed is situated on Fuel Roads 1 and 2.
         3. The Servicer is made aware of which units/vehicles will present for fuelling and servicing by the Yard Coordinator
           (YC), who in turn is informed by Control prior to arrivals
         4. No units will present at Eastfield Depot for servicing without prior notification being given to the Yard Co-ordinator.
                                                           Dated: 27/08/22




       October 2009                 55B
