Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1



4. Miniature snow ploughs.

When locomotives fitted with miniature snow ploughs are taken into sidings they must be stopped sufficiently short of the
buffer stops to avoid damage to the ploughs through contact with the front supporting stays of the buffer stops. Care must
be exercised to avoid damage to the ploughs through contact with scotch blocks, derailers, etc., which may be fixed in
sidings
5. Winter working protection arrangements.

Staff may request a line blockage which will not affect the safety of trains when involved in the following activities
associated with inclement weather:
•   dealing with icicles (both patrolling to check icicle formation and any subsequent removal).
•   clearing points of snow or ice (whether or not the points have actually failed).
•   clearing and maintaining point rodding or signal wire runs.
•   clearing and maintaining signal arms or lenses free of snow.
•   hand sanding for low rail adhesion and associated activities.
•   where necessary for safe working and to expedite snow clearance activities. Only on the authority of the appropriate
    Operations Manager on-call staff.
During extreme weather conditions, normal train services may be temporarily suspended and a line closed to all traffic on
the authority of the Network Rail Route Control Manager, in accordance with the instructions issued to the Route Control.
In such circumstances, prior to the resumption of normal working, the Network Rail Route Control Manager must arrange
for the section of line concerned to be examined to ensure that it is safe for the passage of trains.
                                                                               Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13



STABLING OF TRAINS AT RETB CROSSING LOOPS
Where loop length capacity permits and authority is granted for a train to stable at a RETB crossing point, the provisions of
the General Instruction ‘VEHICLES LEFT ON RUNNING LINES AND LOOP LINES together with the following
arrangements, and any other instructions specific to the train concerned, must be carried out.
When the train is correctly positioned at a stand in the loop and the token has been given up, the loop points normally
giving access to that line must be set and secured for the opposite loop line, away from the stabled train, by the person
designated for this purpose.
During this period, the ‘Points Set’ indicator applying to the loop points which are set for the opposite loop line will display
a single red flashing aspect or will not be illuminated. Drivers of trains approaching the loop from this direction must stop at
this ‘Points Set’ indicator and ensure by visual inspection that the loop points are properly set and secured for the opposite
loop line before proceeding over them.
The driver must speak with the signaller after having inspected the loop points and must advise the signaller whether or
not the loop points are correctly set and secured. The driver must not pass beyond the ‘Points Set’ indicator until the
permission of the signaller has been obtained.
The instructions ‘Single Lines worked by Radio Electronic Token Block – Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out
Engineering Work and others concerned’, 8 Working at Token Exchange Points, are modified accordingly.
Trains approaching the loop from the opposite direction will not be affected during this period.
When the stabled train is ready to depart, the loop points previously set and secured must be restored to normal operation
by the person designated for this purpose and confirmation of this passed to the signaller before any token issue
procedure is carried out for the train
                                                                                Scotland Route GI - Dated: 01/08/2012




April 2010                                                    87
