                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15




       SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
       INVERNESS

       Washing plant – If approaching the wash unit in the Up Direction, an illuminated indication is provided for drivers,
       displaying either :-
       ‘WASH/WAIT’
       or   WASH/PROCEED’,
       or   ‘NO WASH/PROCEED’.
       Drivers must obey the illuminated indications displayed.
       In normal operation in the Up Direction the driver must proceed on the authority of the ‘WASH/PROCEED’ indication.
       When moving in the Up Direction, the washing plant works automatically, and the driver must proceed until the whole of
       his train has passed through the system at a speed between 2 and a half and 3 mph. Illuminated trackside speed
       indicators will display the exact speed at which the train is travelling.
       For the benefit of long trains, (such as HSTs), there is an additional speed indicator positioned immediately on the
       approach to underbridge 349, at the point at which such trains will have passed completely through the wash. (This only
       functions when the washer is operating).
       If ‘NO WASH/PROCEED’ is displayed’, or there is nothing displayed at all, the wash plant is not functioning, and the driver
       must proceed through at line speed, and report the failure to the Depot Duty Manager by radio at the first opportunity.
       When moving through the wash plant in the Down Direction, the wash plant will revert to ‘NO WASH’ for 10 minutes before
       resetting.
       The splitting of trains on this line is prohibited.


       INVERNESS T&RSD

       Inverness Depot provides stabling, fuelling, servicing, maintenance and repair to ScotRail operated DMU and HST fleets.
       Also, fuelling and maintenance of other TOC vehicles per contract.
       All signals for entry and exit to the Depot are controlled by the Network Rail Signaller.
       Rail vehicles enter Inverness Depot from the South via signals I713 and I397, and from the North via signal I424.
       Rail vehicles leave Inverness Depot to the South via signals I716 and I724, and to the North via signal I733.
       All rail vehicle movements in to, out of and within the boundary of Inverness Depot are made under the control and
       authority of the Designated Person.
       All points within the boundary of Inverness Depot are manually operated by Depot Staff.
       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within Inverness Depot is 5mph with the exceptions of,
       • Within buildings/sheds
                         3mphWhen authorised to propel
                                               3mph.
       • Through Millburn Wash Plant
                             2mph.
       All requests for access to rail vehicles stabled within Inverness Depot, must be made to the Designated Person.
       All rail vehicle movements are recorded.
       The 15 Roads within Inverness Depot boundary are.
       Road / Siding     Use
       CSMD
       No. 4 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building
       No. 5 Road        Stabling and maintenance. Road extends into maintenance building
       No. 6 Sidings     Stabling
       No. 7 Sidings     Stabling
       No. 8 Sidings     Stabling




       October 2009                 57
