                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



       When work is completed
       (a) When the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the line, the person who requested protection must
           advise the signaller accordingly, repeating his name, employing organisation and task number. When instructed
           by the signaller, the person who requested protection must insert the lockout key and turn the key in the direction
           indicated on the label in the lockout unit. The person who requested the protection must get the permission of the
           signaller to relock the cabinet.
       (b) The person requesting lockout protection must, normally, be the same individual who completes the work and
           gives up the protection. In exceptional circumstances, the person requesting lockout protection may hand over to
           a relief provided he advises the signaller the name and employing organisation of his relief, and quotes the task
           number to the signaller.

       PRINCES STREET GARDENS
       The procedure for the use of a lockout to afford staff protection may require to be applied for each intervening track in this
       multi-track area to allow access to/egress from the portion of line where work requires to be carried out. Lockout protection
       must be taken of all necessary intervening tracks before staff are permitted to proceed to the line concerned and must not
       be given up until all staff are safely located at the site of work. When work is completed, this procedure must again be
       applied before staff are permitted to proceed to the agreed exit point from the railway.

       HAYMARKET TUNNELS
       The tunnel lockouts are of the ‘key enabled’ type. To activate any of these lockouts, the COSS must obtain the appropriate
       key from the lockfast cabinet at the Waverley end of platforms 2 and 3 at Haymarket station.

       HAYMARKET SOUTH TUNNEL
       Due to the refuges being temporarily inaccessible, staff must not enter or work in the tunnel unless the provisions of one of
       the following Rules have been applied:-
       1.The Rule Book, Module TS1 Regulation 13
       2.The Rule Book, Module T3
       3.In emergency, the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 46
                                                           Dated: 27/01/19

       SC147 - BERWICK TO HAYMARKET WEST JN (VIA WAVERLEY)
       Entire Line Of Route

       MAIN LINE CROSSOVERS CONTROLLED FROM LOCAL SWITCH PANELS

       The following instructions are applicable in respect of Reston and Stenton main line crossovers which are controlled from
       switch panels located in lineside lockfast cabinets. The switch panels are electrically released from Edinburgh signalling
       centre.
       A facing crossover must not be used except when required in connection with single line working, or where the facing
       crossover is within a possession.
       A trailing crossover may be used for any movement between the Up and Down line.
       To use the trailing crossover, the competent person must first communicate with the signaller, thereafter open the door of
       the switch panel cabinet by means of the plunger provided.
       When the signaller gives permission for the panel to be operated, the ‘F’ indication above No.3 switch will become
       illuminated and the No.3 switch must then be turned to the right hand position. When this has been done, the ‘F’
       indication will be extinguished and replaced by illumination of the ‘ACC’ indication. Thereafter, No.1 switch must be turned
       to the right hand position to operate the trailing crossover.
       The illuminated ‘R’ indicates that the points are correctly set.
       After the train movement through the crossover concerned has been completed, the switches must be restored to the left
       had position, the signaller advised when this has been done, and the cabinet door closed.
       When single line working is in operation, drivers of trains requiring to proceed over the single line in the wrong direction via
       a facing crossover may be instructed by the signaller to draw towards the facing crossover without the Pilotman being
       present. The Rule Book, Module P1, Section 5 is modified accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                 52
