                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




       DRIVING FROM THE LEADING CAB
       The instructions in the Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 6, apply except that, when in multiple, locomotives may be driven
       from the rear cab at the following places :-

          Queen Street Station
                         -   platform to platform movements.
          Waverley Station
                         -   movements between running lines
                             and platforms and between
                             platforms.


                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 27/12/08


       Dynamic Risk Assessment
       Scotland Route

       This notice is to advise that Dynamic Risk Assessment process is authorised for use under trial conditions.
       The purpose of DRA is to provide a continuous assessment of risk in the rapidly changing circumstances of an operational
       incident, in order to implement control measures necessary to make certain of an acceptable level of safety.
       Its application should be applied by operational management staff seeking to assess operational system risk, and identify
       control measures that deliver a safety benefit in rapidly changing operational incidents affecting the normal operation of
       the railway.
       The Scope of DRA is currently restricted for trial purposes to London South Eastern route (Anglia, Kent Sussex), LNW
       route, Scotland route and Western Route.
       DRA can only be facilitated and implemented by those trained to do so.
                                              Scotland Route GI - Dated: 01/02/14


       ELECTRIC TOKEN BLOCK - EXCHANGE OF TOKENS
       Drivers must extinguish the train headlight before token exchange is carried out. The headlight must be switched on again
       after the exchange has been successfully completed.
                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


       ELECTRIC TOKEN BLOCK SYSTEM – MODIFIED
       WORKING ARRANGEMENTS
       Modified working arrangements in accordance with Rule Book module P2, section 7, are authorised on the single-line
       block sections shown below, subject to any further local instructions.


       Module SC4
       Girvan-Barrhill
       Barrhill-Glenwhilly
       Glenwhilly-Dunragit
       Dunragit-Stranraer Harbour


       These arrangements apply for a maximum of two hours from the time the first train is authorised to enter the single-line
       block section. Any extension to this time limit must be authorised by the operations manager or nominated deputy.


                                             Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 21/10/17




       April 2010                  46
