                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



       Rail Vehicles arriving at Millerhill Depot
         1. Rail vehicles arriving at Millerhill Depot will normally be signalled to enter the Arrival line from Up Millerhill signal
            EM22 as far as STOP signal MD2 stopping point.
         2. Trains may be signalled to enter the Departure line from Up Millerhill signal EM22 as far as the stopping position
            opposite the wash.
         3. Drivers of trains standing at signal MD2 requiring to proceed into the Depot will contact the YC using the GSMR
            radio.
         4. When the YC has ensured that the movement can proceed safely by:
         • Ensuring that no conflicting movements are taking place and that
         • All facing and trailing points are correctly set
         • The YC will then give the Driver a proceed aspect (associated position light) to pass MD2 to proceed to the
           Depot.
         5.Drivers should pass MD2 only when the associated position light is ‘OFF’. The train will continue to the steps
           outside the Yard Coordinators building, where the Depot Operator will take over.
         6.Before any movement takes place, the YC / Depot Operator / Driver must ensure or, as relevant, be assured that;
         • All points, facing and trailing, are set and checked for the intended rail vehicle movement
         • Any person not directly involved in the rail vehicle movement is warned to move clear
         • Any equipment, including rail vehicle(s), that may be foul of the movement is moved clear
         • The movement will be controlled to ensure that there are no heavy impacts with rail vehicles or buffer stops or
           collisions at fouling points
         • Prior to the move commencing, the rail vehicle warning horn will be sounded
         • All rail vehicles, when stabled, are not foul of other roads and are at the correct position within sidings
         •  Stabled rail vehicles will be positioned to ensure that authorised crossing pathways are not blocked
         7. The YC must ensure that all rail vehicles are stabled in a manner that will allow driver pre-departure preparation
            duties to be undertaken safely.
         8. The YC shall ensure that defect books on vehicles stabled in the yard at Millerhill Depot are checked and any
            defects recorded within are reported to Maintenance Control.
         9. Each vehicle will pass through the MRX machine and Wash Plant which are situated on the Arrivals Road at
            3mph.
       Rail Vehicles departing from Millerhill Depot
         1. When rail vehicles are ready to depart the depot, the YC must advise the Signaller via the dedicated telephone
            line
         2. Drivers must report to the YC for instructions via the GSMR handset
         3. When authorised, Drivers will proceed to signal EM65 or, if departing via the arrival road, EM63 and then EM67.
         4. The YC should not give the driver permission to proceed towards EM67 until the rail vehicles have cleared EM65
            or EM63.
         5. When there is no YC on duty, the driver can use TRTS to leave the depot.
         6. The driver is to ensure that there are no other movements taking place and then draw up to the depot exit signal.
         7. The driver must then contact the signaller via GSMR and wait for the departure signal to clear.
         8. If exiting the arrival road, the driver is required to stop at the GPL signal at the end of the MRX and contact the
            signaller from there.
       Rail Vehicle Movements Within Millerhill Depot Boundary
         1. The YC will;
         • Ensure that all staff, materials and obstructions are clear of the siding that the rail vehicle movement will take
           place in.
         • Contact the Depot Operator by depot radio, informing them of the details of the move; rail vehicle / unit number to
           be moved and the road the vehicle / unit is to be brought into.
         2.Authorisation must only be given for one movement at a time.
         3.Before a train is placed into a servicing road, the relevant road must be able to accept it.
         4.All staff working on or near the running line (within 3m (10’) of line or 1.25m (4’) of adjacent platform edge) must
           be warned of the move.
         5.When the movement is complete, the train must be protected in accordance with MR/I/06/MH, Depot Protection
           Arrangements.




       October 2009                 58
