                                                            OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC061 - SHIELDS JN TO PAISLEY CANAL
DUMBRECK To CORKERHILL

CORKERHILL CSMD

Reception Sidings - A train on Nos.2 or 3 Reception sidings must not be allowed to set back towards the Down Corkerhill
line.
Trains to the Depot from the Up/Down Corkerhill line - The signaller at West of Scotland signalling centre will advise
the person in charge at Corkerhill CSMD Shunter’s Bothy of the approach of trains on the Up / Down Corkerhill line
requiring to proceed to the depot, and request a release on signal G599 for the train to enter the depot.
In the event of failure of this signal the signaller will not authorise a driver to pass this signal at danger to enter the depot
until he has obtained the permission of the person in charge at the Shunter’s Bothy.
Such a release, or permission, must not be given unless the person in charge at the Shunter’s Bothy is satisfied that it is
safe to do so and no conflicting movement has been authorised.
Departing trains - Drivers of locomotives and multiple units leaving the Depot must inform the signaller at West of
Scotland signalling centre from the notice boards at the Depot exit, the destination and train to be worked. In addition,
locomotives and multiple units must not be moved forward beyond the appropriate notice board until the permission of the
signaller at West of Scotland signalling centre has been obtained or, with the exception of radio equipped multiple units,
outlet signal G598 is cleared. The set-up procedure for multiple units with cab secure radio must be carried out at outlet
signal G598 before that signal is cleared.
Carriage cleaning - The instructions in the Rule Book, Module T10 apply.
Exterior cleaning in accordance with the provisions of the Rule Book, Module AC, Section 4.10 may be carried out on
DMU and EMU trains as follows:-
The cleaning of sides and ends up to the warning line (including the destination board) may be carried out from platform
level using short handled brushes not exceeding 6 feet 6 inches in length.
The cleaning of the exteriors of power cars may only be permitted if the pantograph is lowered.
The use of ladders is prohibited.
Electrical Isolation of Overhead Line Equipment - When it is necessary to block lines within the Depot, protection must
be afforded by either clipping and padlocking points for an alternative route or by the placing and securing of gates across
each line on the approach to the isolated section as specified in the electrical isolation instructions. Each gate must carry a
red flag by day and a red light after sunset or during fog or falling snow. Except in the case of movements along the
Reception roads, the person in charge at the Shunter’s Bothy must be present when any movement towards a gate is
made.
Washing Plant - Isolation of the overhead line equipment must be in accordance with the instructions contained in
RT/E/S/29987 (Local Isolation and Earthing of 25 kV AC Overhead Line Equipment).
In the case of the Washing Plant Road, the infrastructure maintainer’s nominated person has instructions that the
permission of the person in charge at the Shunter’s Bothy must be obtained before an isolation is imposed.
The person in charge at the Shunter’s Bothy must record details of each electrical blockage, entering the name of the
nominated person, the date and time involved and sign the entry.
When an electrically isolated section of line is re-energised, the nominated person will inform the person in charge at the
Shunter’s Bothy who must cancel the entry concerned, inserting the name of the nominated person concerned and the
date and time.




October 2009                                                    80
