                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1




WATERING OF VEHICLES AT STATIONS
The undernoted instructions do not apply where platform lockout protection is available.
1.   Before watering commences, the person in charge of such work must contact the Station Supervisor, specify the
     platform line affected and the adjacent line, where applicable, on which movements must cease.
2.   The Station Supervisor must advise the signaller of the circumstances and obtain an assurance that no movement will
     be signalled to or from the adjacent line while watering is taking place. The signaller must block the line concerned,
     give the Station Supervisor an assurance to this effect and confirm that the necessary reminder appliance(s) is being
     used. (In this respect, with route setting panels, the reminder appliance must be placed on the exit button for the
     route to the platform. On through platform lines signalled in both directions, the appropriate exit button for each route
     must be covered. The provisions of the Rule Book, Module TS1, General signalling regulations, regulation 3.5 are
     modified accordingly).
3.   Where the adjacent line is occupied by a train or vehicles, protection as detailed in the Rule Book, Module T10 must
     be provided by the person in charge of watering.
4.   When the necessary protection arrangements have been carried out, the signaller must record the details in the train
     register or occurrence book, as appropriate.
The Station Supervisor must record the details in the book specially provided for this purpose.
5.   The Station Supervisor must not authorise the person in charge to commence watering of vehicles until the above
     procedure has been completed.
6.   On completion of watering, when all persons and equipment are clear of the track, the person in charge must advise
     the Station Supervisor accordingly and remove any protection provided on a train or vehicles on the adjacent line.
7.   On receipt of such advice, the Station Supervisor must advise the signaller who must make an appropriate entry in
     the train register or occurrence book and remove any protection and reminder appliances provided.
The Station Supervisor must make an appropriate entry in the book provided for this purpose.
Normal working may be resumed on the adjacent line when this procedure has been completed.
                                                                              Scotland Territory GI - Dated: 27/12/08




April 2010                                                   93
