                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15




SC205 - DINGWALL TO KYLE OF LOCHALSH
Entire Line Of Route

Automatic Warning System - Referring to the Rule Book, Handbook RS/521 Section 1.5, Cancelling indicators are not
provided.
Special authority cards - Cancelled special authority cards referred to in clause 4.1 and 6.2 of the instructions Single
Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
Work and Others Concerned must be left at the signing off point.
Level crossings - The person in charge of any Engineer’s self-propelled On-Track machine or Road-Rail vehicle
travelling over the above lines of route must ensure that the road warning lights at automatic level crossings are
illuminated before proceeding over the crossing. If necessary, technical support to initiate the road traffic light sequence
must accompany the machine / vehicle. Similarly, no automatic crossing must be left with a “stored failure” due to a
machine / vehicle not operating the strike out track circuits / treadles. Technical support must be available to reset any
crossing so affected.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13

SC207 - GEORGEMAS JN TO THURSO
Georgemas Jn To THURSO TEP

Single line block section - The Down direction single line block section is defined as the line between the Down branch
stop board at Georgemas Jn and the designated line buffer stop at Thurso.
Single line "Long sections" - The Up direction single line "Long section" is defined as the line between the designated
line Up stop board at Thurso and the Up / Down line Down stop board at Georgemas.
The Down direction single line "Long section" is defined as the line between the Up / Down platform line at Georgemas
and the designated line buffer stop at Thurso.
Authority is given to issue / receive a Down direction "Long section" Georgemas / Thurso token while the train is at a stand
on the Up / Down line at Georgemas station. The provisions of Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block
- Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering Work and Others Concerned clause 3.1 are
amended accordingly.
In the case of a "Long section" token, in either direction, the signaller will, when giving permission to proceed, specify to
the driver that he is authorised to pass the Up or Down, as appropriate, branch stop board. The provisions of Single
Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
Work and Others Concerned, clause 3.5 are amended accordingly. The provisions of clause 3.6 do not apply for a
Thurso / Georgemas "Long section" token. For a Georgemas / Thurso "Long section" token the "intermediate token
exchange point" is defined as the Down branch stop board for the purposes of this clause. For the purpose of clauses 3.7
and 5.1.2, the "intermediate token exchange point" is defined as the Up or Down, as appropriate, branch stop board at
Georgemas Jn.
Up direction "Long section" tokens are NOT available for joining movements of Sprinter trains or for connecting services
on the Up / Down platform line at Georgemas Jn.
Branch line stop boards - Movement of an Up direction train from Thurso beyond the Up branch stop board at
Georgemas Jn must only be carried out with a "Shunt" token, except if a "Long section" token Thurso / Georgemas has
been issued.
Movement of a Down direction train to Thurso towards the Down branch stop board at Georgemas Jn must only be carried
out with a "Shunt" token, except if a "Long section" token Georgemas / Thurso has been issued.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                  66
