                                                            OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC14



SC195 - ABERDEEN TO INVERNESS
HUNTLY

Up section signal - When a train is brought to a stand at the Up section signal, main or loop, the driver must immediately
inform the signaller.
Shunting moves on Up single line - The driver must bring his train to a stand at the Up section signal and request a
shunting key from the signaller. The driver must remain in telephone contact with the signaller while a shunting key is
withdrawn at the signal box, unless otherwise directed by the signaller. When the signaller has obtained a shunting key at
the box he will instruct the driver to pass the Up section signal at danger and draw forward to the box. The driver must not
proceed beyond the box until he has obtained the shunting key from the signaller - (the Sectional Appendix, General
Instructions headed, “SCOTTISH TOKENLESS BLOCK SYSTEM – INSTRUCTIONS TO DRIVERS”, are modified
accordingly).
When shunting is complete the driver must return the shunting key to the signaller at the box, who will then verbally
authorise the driver to make the necessary movement to, again, bring his train to a stand within the appropriate section
signal. The driver must contact the signaller by telephone to confirm that the train is at a stand within the section signal,
and will not be moved again without the signaller's authority, or unless the signal is cleared.
Failure of signalling equipment - If a failure between Huntly and Kennethmont requires the introduction of modified
working arrangements, the driver will be instructed by the signaller to pass the Up section signal, main or loop, at danger
and draw forward to the box. The driver must not proceed beyond the box until the written order has been received from
the signaller (the instructions in Rule Book module P2, section 7, are modified accordingly).
                                                                                                              Dated: 04/03/17
SC195 - ABERDEEN TO INVERNESS
KEITH

Drivers of Up trains calling at Keith village station must sound the horn if, after station work is completed, either of the Up
home signals are not cleared.
Down section signal - When a train is brought to a stand at the Down section signal, main or loop, the driver must
immediately inform the signaller.
Branch Platform When the special passenger train, ‘The Royal Scotsman’, requires to stable in Keith Branch platform,
authority is given in accordance with the conditions in the Network Rail Scotland Sectional Appendix, General Instructions,
headed, ‘VEHICLES LEFT ON RUNNING LINES AND LOOP LINES’.
The signaller at Keith must be advised when the train has stabled, and, again, when the train is ready to depart from the
branch.
The train staff must be left with the locomotive of the special train during the time it is stabled in the Branch platform.
Shunting moves on Down single line - The driver must bring his train to a stand at the Down section signal and request
a shunting key from the signaller. The driver must remain in telephone contact with the signaller while a shunting key is
withdrawn at the signal box, unless otherwise directed by the signaller. When the signaller has obtained a shunting key at
the box, he will instruct the driver to pass the Down section signal at danger and draw forward to the box. The driver must
not proceed beyond the box until he has obtained the shunting key from the signaller - (the Sectional Appendix, General
Instructions headed, “SCOTTISH TOKENLESS BLOCK SYSTEM – INSTRUCTIONS TO DRIVERS”, are modified
accordingly)
When shunting is complete the driver must return the shunting key to the signaller at the box, who will then verbally
authorise the driver to make the necessary movement to, again, bring his train to a stand within the appropriate section
signal. The driver must contact the signaller by telephone to confirm that the train is at a stand within the section signal,
and will not be moved again without the signaller’s authority, or unless the signal is cleared.
Failure of signalling equipment - If a failure between Keith and Elgin requires the introduction of modified working
arrangements, the driver will be instructed by the signaller to pass the Down section signal, main or loop, at danger and
draw forward to the box. The driver must not proceed beyond the box until the written order has been received from the
signaller (the instructions in Rule Book module P2, section 7, are modified accordingly).
                                                                                                              Dated: 04/03/17




October 2009                                                   32
