                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC1


       PROTECTION OF STAFF ON OR ABOUT THE LINE BY
       LOCKOUT
       General
       Lockout systems are provided for the protection of individuals or groups working or walking on the line.
       Protection is obtained by manipulating a key in the appropriate lockout cabinet with the co-operation of the signaller
       concerned. Protection is afforded to the user by preventing the clearance of signal routes to the affected portion of line.
       The limits of the protected area are shown within the cabinet. The user must ensure that, before contacting the signaller to
       take or give up protection, he is at the appropriate lockout unit.
       Some lockouts contain the key as an integral part of the lockout unit (key captive system) and require the key to be
       returned to that unit whilst others require a key to be obtained from a designated location and returned to that location
       after use (key enabled system). In the case of the latter arrangement, protection may be taken from a lockout unit at one
       location and given up at a lockout unit, for the same lockout area, at another location
       Lockouts are of the key captive arrangement unless specified otherwise in the local instructions in which case the
       arrangements necessary to obtain the lockout key are detailed.
       Lockouts must only be used in conjunction with the Rule Book, Module TS1, Section 13.2 (signallers) and Handbook 8,
       Section 2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC) rule book module arrangements except as shown below. Protection procedure TS1,
       Section 13.2 (signallers) and Handbook 8, Section 2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC) will apply, modified as follows:
       • TS1, Section 13.2 (signallers) and Handbook 8, Section 2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC) - there is no requirement for a
         competency in disconnecting / reconnecting signalling equipment
       • TS1, Section 13.2 (signallers) and Handbook 8, Section 2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC) - the requirements of
         RT/E/S/10064 do not apply.
       In the case of lockouts associated with platform lines, an alternative procedure is authorised if the work which requires the
       use of the platform lockout involves:
       • cleaning of track in platforms
       • white lining platforms
       • train maintenance staff working on trains at track level
       • staff carrying out manual railhead treatment
       The person requiring the blockage need only have a minimum competence level as detailed in the Rule Book, Module
       T10. Details of the procedure to be followed for each location involved are contained in the Local Instructions.
       If the scope of the work is outwith that listed above, the Rule Book, Module TS1, Section 13.2 (signallers) and
       Handbook 8, Section 2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC) must be applied when using the lockout.
       Rule Book, Module TS1, Section 13.2 (signallers) and Handbook 8, Section 2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC)
       Taking a blockage
       Where appropriate, the COSS must obtain the lockout key as detailed in the Local Instructions. The COSS must telephone
       the signaller for permission to obtain the lockout protection.
       i.for lockouts where the key is obtained from the lockout unit (key captive system)
       When the signaller is able to grant the blockage and tells the COSS to extract the key from the control unit, a green
       indication in the cabinet will illuminate. The COSS must:
       • press the button
       • at the same time, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet
       • if the green indication has extinguished and the lockout key has been removed, confirm to the signaller that the key is
         in his possession
       ii.
         for lockouts where the key is obtained from a separate location (key enabled system)
       The COSS must not insert the key into the control unit until authorised to do so by the signaller. When the signaller is able
       to grant the blockage he will give the COSS permission to insert the key. The COSS must:
       • insert the lockout key in the switch and turn it to the ‘Operate’ position
       • press the ‘Lockout’ or ‘Lockout Request’ button (the ‘Normal’ or ‘Traffic’ indication will extinguish and the ‘Line Blocked
         to Traffic’ or ‘Locked Out’ indication will illuminate)
       • turn the lockout key in the switch back to the ‘Normal’ position
       • withdraw the key, confirm to the signaller that the key is in his possession and that the correct protection indication is
         exhibited.
       The COSS must then relock the cabinet and confirm to the signaller when this has been done. The signaller will then give
       the COSS an authority number.
       During the blockage
       The COSS must retain the lockout key until the work is complete except where there is a change of COSS during the
       work. In addition to the requirements of the Rule Book, Module TS1, Section 13.2 (signallers) and Handbook 8, Section
       2.3 (for IWA, COSS or PC), the new COSS must give the signaller an assurance that he is in possession of the lockout
       key.




       April 2010                    73
