                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC2




       SC024 - LARKHALL TO HAUGHHEAD JN
       LARKHALL To CHATELHERAULT

       Protection of staff by lockout - Lockouts are provided at Larkhall station and Allanton loop.
       At Larkhall, the lockout cabinet is located at the top of the ramp of platform 2. When operated, the lockout will block the
       line from the single to double connection through to the buffer stop on each platform line.
       At Allanton loop, the lockout cabinet is located on the Down side of the Larkhall single line, adjacent to the loop connection
       at the Larkhall end of the loop. When operated, the lockout will block the Larkhall single line between the loop
       connections and the loop line.
       Larkhall platform lockout – alternative procedure - Where this lockout is to be used under the alternative arrangements
       detailed in the General Instructions under the heading “Protection of Staff on or about the line by Lockout”, for the
       type of work specified, the procedure detailed below is additional to the requirements of the Rule Book, Module T10.
       The General Instructions headed “CLEANING TRACK AREAS IN STATIONS” do not apply.
           Taking a blockage
       The person requiring the blockage must:
       • unlock the cabinet
       • telephone the signaller giving his name, grade and employing organisation
       • tell the signaller the nature of the work and for how long the blockage is required.
       When the signaller is able to grant the blockage, and tells the person to withdraw the key, a green indication in the cabinet
       will illuminate and the person requiring the blockage must:
       • press the button
       • at the same time, turn the lockout key to release it from the cabinet
       • if the green indication has extinguished and he has removed the lockout key, confirm to the signaller that the key is in
         his possession.
       The signaller will then read back the entry that he has made to record the use of the lockout. If the person requesting the
       blockage is satisfied that the entry is correct, he must repeat his name, grade and employing organisation to the signaller.
       The lockout cabinet must then be relocked.
       The person requesting the blockage must retain the lockout key until the work is complete and it is necessary to return the
       key to the cabinet except where it is necessary to hand over to a relief. If it is necessary to hand over to a relief, the person
       being relieved must tell the signaller the name, grade and employing organisation of his relief and confirm to the signaller
       that this person now has possession of the lockout key.
       Lifting a blockage
       The person giving up the blockage must tell the signaller when the work has been completed and the lines are clear,
       giving his name, grade and employing organisation. The signaller will instruct this person to replace the lockout key in the
       control unit. The person giving up the blockage must insert the key, turn it in the direction indicated and then ask the
       signaller for permission to relock the cabinet.
                                                           Dated: 27/12/06

       SC025 - RUTHERGLEN CENTRAL JN TO FINNIESTON INCL TO
       BRIDGETON YARD (VIA ARRIVAL LINE)(GOODS LINE)
       RUTHERGLEN STATION

       Trains standing in the Down platform must not be left unattended.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       October 2009                 86
