                                   OFFICIAL


       Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC6




       SC107 - EDINBURGH WAVERLEY TO GLASGOW QUEEN STREET (VIA
       FALKIRK HIGH)
       Cadder Depot

       Rail vehicles enter Cadder Depot via the East arrival Signal CD1 or the West arrival Signal CD2
       Rail vehicles leave Cadder Depot via CE511 West departure and CG508 East departure
       The points and signals to enter and exit the depot are controlled by the signaller.
       All rail vehicle movements within the boundary of Cadder Depot are made under the control of the Yard Coordinator and
       Depot Operations staff and are recorded on the Depot Radio system. All points within the boundary of Cadder Depot are
       manually operated by Depot Operations staff.
       The speed limit for all rail vehicle movements within the Depot boundaries is 5mph except through the Carriage Wash
       where the speed limit is 3mph.Rail Vehicle Roads
       Cadder Depot has the following Roads.
       Road/Siding   Use
       No 0          West Head Shunt (200m)
       No1 CET/Fuel Rd CET, Fuelling, Servicing
       No2 CET/Fuel Rd CET, Fuelling, Servicing also contains Carriage Wash Plant Facility
       3 Rd          Stabling with platform level access, Train Presentation
       4 Rd          Stabling with platform level access, Train Presentation
       5 Rd          Stabling with platform level access, Train Presentation
       6 Rd          Stabling with platform level access, Train Presentation
       7 Rd          Stabling with platform level access, Train Presentation
       8 Rd          Stabling with platform level access, Train Presentation
       Road Capacities:
       No 0 West Head Shunt (200m), for 1 vehicle (6+2 HST)
       No 1 CET/Fuelling, for 1 Vehicle (6+2 HST)
       No 2 CET/Fuelling (also contains Carriage Wash Plant Facility), for 1 Vehicle (6+2 HST)
       No 3 Stabling of rail vehicles (215m), with platform level access, for 8 vehicles (6+2 HST)
       No 4 Stabling of rail vehicles (215m), with platform level access, for 8 vehicles (6+2 HST)
       No 5 Stabling of rail vehicles (215m), with platform level access, for 8 vehicles (6+2 HST)
       No 6 Stabling of rail vehicles (215m), with platform level access, for 8 vehicles (6+2 HST)
       No 7 Stabling of rail vehicles (160m), with platform level access, for 7 vehicles (5+2 HST)
       No 8 Stabling of rail vehicles (160m), with platform level access, for 7 vehicles (5+2 HST)
       Roads 3 to 8 at Cadder Depot have electrical shore supply.
       Platforms at Cadder Depot are of differing lengths.
       Cadder Depot has authorised walking routes and platforms throughout and are to be used when traversing Cadder Depot.
       Facilities
       The person responsible for protection for Cadder Depot including the servicing area is the Yard Co-Ordinator.
       Servicing area
       The Servicing Building is situated on CET/ Fuel roads 1 and 2
       Persons working on a rail vehicle must apply their Depot Protection to the NTBM board on the rail vehicle.
       Derailers and stop boards are available at the servicing area as part of depot protection.
       Carriage Wash
       The Carriage Wash is situated to the West of the No 2 CET/Fuel Road.
       Yard Coordinators Bothy
       The Yard Coordinators Bothy is situated at the North of the depot and is signposted.
       Rail Alliance Building
       The Rail Alliance Building is situated at the South of the depot outside of the depot boundary fence.
       The Rail Alliance Building has offices, meeting rooms, training rooms, messing and hygiene facilities.




       October 2009                 53B
