                                                         OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
TROON To PRESTWICK INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

Prestwick Airport - Trip wire at approach to runway - A trip wire commencing approximately 130 yards on the
approach to Down line signal PA313 and extending for a distance of 800 yards beyond that signal is provided on the Down
side of the railway, 18 feet above rail level running parallel with the Down line.
If a breakage of the wire occurs, Down line signals PB291 and PA313 and Up line signals PA316 and PA314 will be
placed to or maintained at danger.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06

SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
Newton Jn To AYR
AYR MAINTENANCE DEPOT
Movements to and from Shed sidings - Where reference is made in the following instructions to “designated person”
this means the person responsible for protection inside the Shed, who is identified by an orange armband bearing the
letters “DP” in black.
1.   When required to make a movement into the Shed on any of Nos.1 to 6 (inclusive) sidings, the driver must stop at the
     Stop Board.
2.   Movements past a Stop Board and movements out of the shed on any of Nos.1 to 6 (inclusive) sidings must not be
     made until the designed person has personally given the person in charge of the movement an assurance that it is
     safe for the movement to commence.
Securing of vehicles - Vehicles must not be left on the siding adjacent to the Newton Jn to Mauchline (Goods Line)
unless they have been secured and scotched.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06

SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
AYR
When it is necessary for two trains to occupy either platform 3 or platform 4 simultaneously for connectional/combining
purposes, the driver must be prepared to stop at the point indicated by the handsignaller on the platform.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06


SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
AYR To Dalrymple Jn
AYR TOWNHEAD
Washing Plant - A movement through the washing plant, from the Ayr station end of the Washing Plant Road, must
proceed to the washing point shunt spur and must not be withdrawn at the station end.
Washing Plant Shunt Spur - Vehicles must not be stabled in the washing plant shunt spur. A movement from the
Carriage Sidings or Bypass Loop must only be permitted to occupy the washing plant shunt spur in an emergency.
                                                                                                         Dated: 02/12/06

SC059 - GLASGOW CENTRAL TO STRANRAER
Kilkerran SB & LC
Failure of signalling equipment - If a failure between Kilkerran and Girvan requires the introduction of modified working
arrangements, the driver will be authorised by the signaller to pass the Down section signal at danger and draw forward to
the box. The driver must not proceed beyond the box until the written order has been received from the signaller (the
instructions in Rule Book module P2, section 7, are modified accordingly).
                                                                                                         Dated: 04/03/07




October 2009                                                76
