                                                           OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC10



k)   Tractor drivers must face the direction of travel and must keep a sharp lookout at all times.
l)   The tractor driver must not put the tractor in motion in any direction until a signal is received from the accompanying
     leading railman.
m) The tractor horn shall be sounded only when absolutely necessary.
n)   The British Railways Board and others using the rails shall have the whole risk and responsibility, directly and
     indirectly, connected with their traffic hereon, but shall nevertheless, be subject to such directions as may from time to
     time be given by the superintendent of the Harbour and Docks in relation thereto to comply with the Forth Ports
     Authority Bye-Laws and the officers and servants of the British Railways Board and others aforesaid having charge of
     said traffic shall be bound to conform to such directions.
o)   The use of shunting tractors in the conduct of the traffic referred to in these conditions and regulations shall continue
     only during the pleasure of the Forth Ports Authority.
Unitank sidings - The couplings must be in an extended position when shunting to and from these sidings.
Leith Docks Coal Handling Plant - Discharging of Merry-go-round trains

1.   With the exception of train movements being made during discharge and which are signal controlled, all movements
     within the Dock area must be made in accordance with the instruction ‘Regulations for train Working by locomotive at
     Leith Docks’ as shown on Pages 9.51 to 9.53. Rail staff must not pass through the discharge house on foot when a
     train is in position for discharge.
8.   When a loaded train arrives on the discharge siding it must be brought to a stand at the notice board worded
     ‘Discharging trains - engage slow speed control’. The person in charge of the movement must check the position of
     the points leading to the topping-up sidings, ensure that they are correctly set for the movement to take place and
     ascertain that no conflicting movement is about to be made. Thereafter, he must contact the Forth Ports Authority
     operator on site and report the number of wagons on the train and the name of the supply colliery.
9.   The signalling arrangements at the discharge house are :-

     For ingoing movements
     Signal L1 - capable of displaying a red or yellow aspect.
     Signals L2R/L2 - capable of displaying a red, yellow or flashing red aspect.

     For outgoing movements
     Signal L3 - capable of displaying a red or yellow aspect.

     The aspects displayed have the following special meanings :-

     Red                    -         stop immediately even though not at a signal.
     Yellow                 -         draw forward ½ mph only (slow speed control).
     Flashing Red           -         set back slowly (slow speed control)
10. When the ingoing signal L1 changes from red to yellow, the train may proceed through the discharge house at ½ mph
    under slow speed control and, except in emergency, the movement should continue until the locomotive reaches
    signal L2. Should a flashing red indication be exhibited, the driver must stop if he has not already done so and set the
    train back at ½ mph.
11. When the last vehicle has been discharged, signal L2 will change to a red aspect and, when the train is at a stand, the
    person in charge of the movement, after securing the train, must uncouple the locomotive. The person in charge of
    the movement, after ascertaining that no conflicting movement is about to take place, must handsignal the locomotive
    past signal L2 at red. The locomotive accompanied by the person in charge of the movement must then round the
    train and attach at the east end. The person in charge of the movement is responsible for detaching, attaching and
    operation of the hand points. The locomotive, if required to pass through the discharge house to the rear of the train,
    must only do so when signal L1 shows a yellow aspect.
12. When the train is ready to depart and signal L3 is exhibiting a yellow aspect, the train may proceed to leave the Dock
    area at a speed not exceeding the permitted maximum laid down for working in the docks.
13. Movements of wagons from the topping-up sidings should also be made through the discharge house in accordance
    with the above arrangements so far as they are applicable.
14. Prior to departure of the merry-go-round from Leith South, the person in charge of the movement must obtain an
    assurance from the C&W examiner that all wagon doors are closed for the return journey.
SAI Ltd private sidings - Before entering the sidings, the person in charge of the movement must obtain an assurance
from the firm’s representative that shunting operations using the road vehicle have ceased and the road vehicle has been
set aside clear of the sidings.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




October 2009                                                  55
