                                                          OFFICIAL


Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC4




SC061 - SHIELDS JN TO PAISLEY CANAL
Shields Jn To DUMBRECK

SHIELDS ELECTRIC TRACTION DEPOT

Wheelslide Protection Testing - A speed limit of 8 mph will apply within the depot for Wheelslide Protection Testing
only.
Depot Sidings 4, 5 and 7 - Movements to and from Maintenance Building 1 and Underframe cleaning (7a section of 7
Road)
Depot Sidings 8, 9, 10 and 11 - Movements to and from Maintenance Building 2
Depot Siding 12 - Movements to and from Maintenance Building 3 (Wheel Lathe)
Stabling Roads 1 – 7 - Movements to and from the Yard for rail vehicle stabling purposes.
Where reference is made in the following instructions to ‘Designated Person’, this means the person responsible for
protection inside the Maintenance Building who is identified by an orange armband bearing the letters ‘DP’ in black.
Requests to access vehicles stabled outside of the Maintenance Buildings (i.e. in the Yard) must be made by the
Designated Person to the Movement Coordinator via Depot Radio. This access, when granted, must also be recorded in
the Yard Access Logbook in the Depot Operators bothy.
Staff must comply with Depot Protection and Rail Vehicle Safety Condition instructions in all locations.
Where reference is made in the following instructions to a movement to the Shed this must also be understood to mean a
movement towards the underframe cleaning pit.
3.   When required to move vehicles into the Shed on a depot siding, the driver must stop at the signal situated on the
     approach to the Maintenance Building doors or on the siding concerned.
4.   The shunter must depress the plunger mounted on the signal. The plunger must not be operated until the train is at a
     stand at the signal. If the Designated Person has removed all the protection inside the Maintenance Building, opened
     the Maintenance Building doors and lowered the derailer, the signal will show a proceed aspect. The driver may then
     proceed with the movement as far as the line is clear, keeping a good lookout at all times for persons or obstructions.
5.   If after the plunger has been depressed the Maintenance Building doors remain closed and the signal continues to
     display a stop aspect, the shunter must request the Designated Person to remove the protection. When this has been
     done, the shunter must again depress the plunger on the signal to change it to a proceed aspect. The movement
     may then proceed as far as the line is clear.
6.   A movement out of a Maintenance Building must not be started unless the exit signal concerned at the Maintenance
     Building door is showing a proceed aspect or the conditions detailed in Clause 7 have been met. A movement must
     only proceed as far as the line is clear. These instructions also apply when the whole of the train is not within the
     Maintenance Building in which case the shunter is responsible for advising the driver when the Maintenance Building
     exit signal concerned is showing a proceed aspect.
7.   No vehicle or part of a vehicle must be allowed to pass a signal showing a stop aspect except during failure and then
     only under direct supervision of the Designated Person.
8.   The passing of a red signal will be treated in the same way as a signal passed at danger except in the circumstances
     detailed in Clause 7.
9.   If the signals into or out of a Maintenance Building fail when a movement is required, then the vehicle must stop at the
     signal and must only proceed as far as the line is clear after the Designated Person has personally advised the driver
     and shunter that protection has been removed and the stop aspect signal may be passed.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/02/21




October 2009                                                 79
