Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15



Wagon Shop sidings Nos. 1 - 4 and Stores siding
1.   When required to make a movement into the Wagon Shop or Stores siding, the driver must stop at the stop board.
2.   Movements past a stop board and movements out of the Wagon Shop on sidings 1, 2, 3 and 4 or from the Stores
     siding must not be made until the designated person has personally given the Shunter or Driver an assurance that it is
     safe for the movement to commence.
Fuelling Road
The coupling / uncoupling of Class 15X units on this line is prohibited.
Additional instructions for movements to the Traction Maintenance depot and Fuelling Road
Prior to a movement being made to the Traction Maintenance Depot or the Fuelling Road, the person in charge of the
movement must obtain the permission of the person in charge at the depot for the movement to be made.
When required to make a movement into the depot or the fuelling road, the driver must stop at the stop board located at
the entrance to the depot or the Fuelling Road.
Movements beyond the stop board must not be made unless the designated person has personally given the person in
charge of the movement permission for the movement to proceed. The designated person must ensure that, in the case of
the Fuelling Road, the appropriate rail stop is in the lowered position.
Inverness Carriage Maintenance Depot

Prior to any movement from the Carriage Maintenance Depot which may proceed onto or foul the Harbour Road or
towards position light signal I716, the shunter must contact the signaller at Inverness signalling centre to ensure that no
movements have been signalled into the depot or Harbour Road, this includes signalled moves from position light signal
I736.
If the signaller advises that there are no movements signalled, the shunter may then authorise the driver to proceed onto
the Harbour Road or towards signal I716.
If the signaller advises that there is an incoming or Harbour Road movement signalled, the shunter must not authorise the
driver to move the train. The shunter must wait until the signalled movement has been made and again contact the
signaller as above.
                                                                                                           Dated: 21/09/19
SC203 – INVERNESS TO WICK
INVERNESS TO MUIR OF ORD
Working by special authority card - If the radio fails in the leading cab of a train requiring to proceed from Inverness to
Muir of Ord or Muir of Ord to Inverness, the rear cab radio must be used. The issue of a 'Long Section' token Inverness to
Muir of Ord or Muir of Ord to Inverness by the rear cab is authorised.
                                                                                                           Dated: 30/01/16

SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
BEAULY

The single platform is 16 yards long and special instructions are issued by ScotRail for ScotRail trains requiring to stop at
this station. Trains, other than those covered by the ScotRail instructions, are prohibited from stopping, except in an
emergency, or with prior authority received from the Network Rail Operations Manager.
                                                                                                           Dated: 03/10/09




October 2009                                                 58
