Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15




SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
GEORGEMAS JN TEP

CE siding - This siding must only be used by engineer's machines.
When a movement requires to be made to or from this siding, the person in charge of the movement must advise the
signaller what is required.
A scotch block is provided at the exit from the siding and the person in charge must ensure that it is removed before a
movement from the siding commences, and is replaced after a machine has been stabled.
CE siding loop - Vehicles must not be stabled on this loop.
Thurso branch junction points - the points are power operated clamp locks, plunger operated for movements in the
facing direction from Georgemas and actuated by track circuit for movements from the Forsinard and Thurso directions.
Plungers, for the operation of the points under the instructions of the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC, are provided at the
south end of Georgemas Up / Down platform opposite a stop board which must not be passed unless the correct
indication is received. The plungers are labelled “M” and “B” for the Up (main) single line and branch line respectively.
Pressing the appropriate plunger will illuminate a route indicator, indication “M” or “B” as appropriate, at the junction
“Points Set” indicator. After the operation of a plunger, the appropriate route indication, together with the junction “Points
Set” indicator illuminated, proves that the junction points are correctly set and locked for the route chosen.
a)   Movement from Georgemas - When the driver of an Up direction train has come to a stand at the stop board
     adjacent to the platform, the signaller must be advised and his permission obtained to operate the appropriate
     plunger.

     Where a token exchange is carried out in the platform, the token exchange procedure must be carried out before
     operation of the plunger in accordance with the above.

     If either of these indications fail to illuminate when a plunger is operated, or if the indications illuminate but extinguish
     before the train can proceed past the “Points Set” indicator, the driver must communicate with the signaller and act in
     accordance with his instructions.
b)   Movement from Down single line or Up branch to Georgemas Up / Down platform - If the driver of a train finds
     that the “Points Set” indicator on the immediate approach to the branch junction points (Down single line) or at the Up
     branch stop board is displaying a single red flashing aspect or is not illuminated, the signaller must be immediately
     informed and the driver must, thereafter, act in accordance with the signaller’s instructions. Instruction 8 of the
     Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out
     Engineering Work and Others Concerned is modified accordingly.
c)   Override switch for junction points - The override switch for the junction points is located in the lockfast box on
     Georgemas Up / Down platform, adjacent to the plungers for the junction points and must only be operated under the
     instructions of the signaller.

     The override switch normally lies in the central position. Switching it to the left sets the points for the Up / Down
     single line. Switching it to the right sets the points for the branch. When operated, the switch will remain in the
     position selected until it is again operated. When instructed by the signaller to operate this switch, the driver, or other
     person concerned, must carry out the following procedure :-
     (i) If the points are already in the correct position for the route required, the driver, or person concerned, must
     operate the switch for the other route, check that the points have moved to the other route, and then operate the
     switch to the route required and check that the points have moved to the route required.
     (ii) If the points are not already in the correct position for the route required, the driver, or person concerned, must
     operate the switch for the route required and check that the points have moved to this position. He must then operate
     the switch for the other route, check that the points have moved to this position, and then operate the switch for the
     required route again, and check that the points are in the correct position for the route required.
     If the override switch fails to move the points to the required position, the driver, or person concerned, must report this
     to the signaller, who will send for the person appointed to manually operate the junction points. The driver must not
     pass the 'Points Set' indicator/stop board until he receives the verbal permission of the signaller.
     If the points have been operated to the required position the driver must confirm this to the signaller. The driver of a
     train from Georgemas Up / Down platform must operate the appropriate plunger again, when so instructed by the
     signaller, and must then follow the instructions under the heading “Movement from Georgemas Up / Down
     platform”.




October 2009                                                   62
