Scotland Route Sectional Appendix Module SC15




SC203 - INVERNESS TO WICK
DINGWALL TEP

Shunting at North end - When requesting a 'Shunt' token, the driver and signaller must come to a clear understanding as
to whether shunting is to be carried out on the main line to Invergordon or the branch line to Garve.
Junction and North end loop points - The hydraulic spring-controlled North end crossing loop points are train operated
in accordance with the standard arrangements for RETB crossing loops. The junction points are power operated clamp
points, and are plunger operated for Down direction movements and track circuit operated for Up direction movements.
Two pairs of plungers are provided at the North end of the station, one pair in association with the Down line 'Points Set'
indicator, and one pair in association with the Up loop 'Points Set' indicator. These plungers must be operated only under
the instructions of the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC. Pressing the left-hand plunger of a pair of plungers sets the
junction points for the Kyle branch. Pressing the right-hand plunger of a pair of plungers sets the points for the main line
towards Evanton.
The illumination of the appropriate 'Points Set' indicator together with the correct route indication - 'B' for the branch or 'M'
for the main line - after the operation of a plunger, prove that the junction points are correctly set and locked for the route
chosen. Only the pair of plungers at the 'Points Set' indicator at which the train is standing can be used.
Additionally, a duplicate set of two plungers for the Down line 'Points Set' indicator, is provided under the station
overbridge on the Down platform, operation as above. These duplicate plungers can only be used when a train is
standing on the Down line either at these plungers, or at the Down line 'Points Set' indicator.
a)   Down direction trains - When the driver of a Down direction train has been issued with a token and is ready to
     proceed, the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC will instruct him to press the appropriate plunger.

     If either of these indications fail to illuminate when a plunger is operated, or if the indications illuminate but extinguish
     before the train can proceed past the 'Points Set' indicator, then the driver must communicate with the signaller and
     act in accordance with his instructions.
b)   Up direction trains - If the driver of an Up train on the main or branch line finds that the 'Points Set' indicator on the
     approach to Dingwall is displaying a single red flashing aspect or is not illuminated he must immediately inform the
     signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC who will instruct him to unlock the lockfast box beside the indicator post and report
     the indications displayed inside. The driver must then act in accordance with the instructions of the signaller, and
     must not proceed past the indicator without the verbal permission of the signaller. Clause 6.2 of instruction 6 of the
     Single Lines Worked by Radio Electronic Token Block - Instructions to Traincrews, Persons carrying out Engineering
     Work and Others Concerned, is modified accordingly. When such verbal permission is given, the driver must not
     proceed until he has relocked the box and confirmed to the signaller that this has been done.
c)   Failure of North end loop points - When the 'Points Set' indicator displays a single red flashing aspect or is not
     illuminated the driver of an Up direction train is instructed by the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC to manually
     operate the North end loop points, he must operate the points to the required position and clamp and scotch them in
     that position. An assurance must be given to the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC when this has been done.

     The driver must not pass the 'Points Set' indicator unless the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC has given permission
     to do so and the lockfast box at the 'Points Set' indicator has been relocked. When the train has passed clear of the
     points, the clamp and scotch must be removed, returned to the receptacle provided and an assurance to this effect
     given to the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC when this has been done.
d)   Override switch for junction points - The override switch for the junction points is located in the lockfast box
     adjacent to these points. This override switch normally lies in the central position. Switching it to the left sets the
     points for the main line. Switching it to the right sets the points for the Kyle branch. When operated to a position, the
     switch will remain in this position until it is again operated. This switch must only be operated under the instructions of
     the signaller at Inverness (RETB) SC. If instructed by the signaller to operate this switch, the driver, or other person
     concerned, must carry out the following procedure :-
     (i)   If the points are already in the correct position for the route required, the driver, or person concerned, must
           operate the switch for the other route, check that the points have moved to the other route, and then operate the
           switch to the route required and check that the points have moved to the route required.
     (ii) If the points are not already in the correct position for the route required, the driver, or person concerned, must
          operate the switch for the route required and check that the points have moved to this position. He must then
          operate the switch for the other route, check that the points have moved to this position, and then operate the
          switch for the required route again, and check that the points are in the correct position for the route required.
           If the override switch fails to move the points to the required position, the driver, or person concerned, must
           report this to the signaller, who will send for the person appointed to manually operate the junction points. The
           driver must not pass the 'Points Set' indicator until he receives the verbal permission of the signaller.




October 2009                                                    59
