                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Rule Book Module T10 – Duties of a designated person
       (DP) and people working on rail vehicles
       Section 4 – General duties of a DP

       Working on a train on a running line including at a station platform
       Red flashing light/flag units are provided at a number of locations for use of train operator staff working on trains in
       terminal platform lines only.
       A second red flashing light/flag unit will be exhibited in the following circumstances:
       5.When length of the train/platform curvature, etc requires the additional unit to be positioned towards the centre of the
         train, or
       6.When the work/examination involves train operator staff going underneath the train, unless this is a coach upon which
         a unit is already exhibited.
       The Rule Book, Module T10, Section 4.3 is modified accordingly.
                              South East (Kent/Sussex/Wessex) Territory GI – Dated: 19/03/11


       Rule Book Module TS1 - General signalling regulations
       Section 13, Clause 13.1 - Personnel asking for trains to be stopped
       These Instructions modify and prescribe the actions to be taken by the controlling signaller within the modular rule book
       General Signalling Regulations TS1 13.1 (Personnel asking for trains to be stopped), when a member of station staff or
       Network Rail Employee makes a request to recover an item dropped on the track (using non-conductive litter pickers or
       other suitable equipment) whilst remaining on the station platform.
       When a person makes a request to recover an item from the track whilst remaining on the platform the signaller must:
       7.Confirm with the person who has requested to recover the item the exact location and from which line the item is to be
         recovered from;
       8.Confirm that the person will recover the item whilst remaining on the station platform;
       9.Record details on the Line Blockage Form (NR3180) of the line to be blocked, the protecting signal(s) and the role
         and employer of the person making the request to recover the item; If the controlling signal is controlled by another
         signaller, confirmation must be obtained by the signaller receiving the request that the protecting signal is confirmed
         to be at red and protection afforded by that signaller.
       10. Arrange for the line from which the item is to be recovered from ONLY to be blocked, affording reminder appliances
         for the line blockage as necessary;
       11. Confirm with the person who has requested to recover the item that the line will stay blocked until they inform you that
         the item has been recovered and they are in a place of safety away from the platform edge;
       12. Remind the person about adjacent lines that remain open for normal working and where applicable that the traction
         current remains live.
       13. Give the person an authority number
       14. Give that person permission for the activity to start and recover the item.
       When the person has recovered the item confirms that the item has been recovered and they are in a place of safety away
       from the platform edge, the signaller must:
       1.Record this on the line blockage form;
       2.The person who asked for the line to be blocked will tell you their authority number
       3.Withdraw the signal protection / reminder appliances and return to normal working.
       If a person makes a request to recover an item by going onto the track, the requirements of rule book modules TS1 (13)
       Section 13.1 and SS1 (2) must continue to be fully applied.
                                              Wessex Route GI - Dated: 27/11/2021




       December 2009                 61
