                                   OFFICIAL




       SO250 - BATTERSEA PIER JN TO WILLESDEN WEST LONDON JN
       Stewarts Lane Jn

       Battersea Run-Round Loop
       Trains entering the run-round loop must not exceed 1176 feet (56 SLU’s) in length, excluding the locomotive(s) which
       must not exceed 118 feet in length. The maximum speed of movements within the run-round loop must not exceed 5
       m.p.h.

       When an in going train arrives at the ‘Stop, do not proceed until authorised’ board, unless the train is met by a Shunter, the
       Guard must ascertain from the Signaller if the Shunter is on duty in Battersea Run-Round Loop. If a Shunter is on duty,
       the train must not enter the Run-Round Loop until authorised by the Shunter. Should shunting staff not be on duty the
       Guard may authorise the train to enter the Run-Round Loop, having first ensured that the points are set to No.2 (left hand)
       Road and that the Run-Round Loop is clear.

       When shunting staff are not on duty the Signaller will only allow one train to be in the Run-Round Loop at any one time,
       except in an emergency or when required for assistance purposes.

       If any wagons are left in the sidings after the departure of the train the Signaller must be advised.

                                                           Dated: 20/01/18

       SO250 - BATTERSEA PIER JN TO WILLESDEN WEST LONDON JN
       SHEPHERDS BUSH

       1.If a train has stopped at the relevant ‘3’ or ‘4’ car stop mark and the traincrew are subsequently advised that the train
         will terminate at Shepherd’s Bush, once station work is complete, the driver must contact the signaller and request
         permission to draw forward to the relevant ‘T3’ or T4’ car stop mark.

         The Conductor (where provided) must use the Bell/Buzzer code ‘6’ to indicate to the driver that the draw-forward
         movement may commence.

         Once the train has been brought to a stand at the relevant ‘T3’ or ‘T4’ car stop mark, the traincrew must change ends.

         Use of this procedure will ensure that signal TVC806 can be viewed correctly for the return movement.

       2.Platforms 1 and 2 in the down direction have no platform starting signals and the next signals, TVC811 and TVC809
         respectively, cannot be seen from the platform.

         The DRA must be used in accordance with Rule Book instructions if the preceding signal was displaying a yellow
         aspect, to minimise the risk of a ‘Starting against a signal SPAD’ (SASSPAD) occurring.

                                                         Dated: 03/01/2023




       December 2009                329
