                                   OFFICIAL




       SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
       VICTORIA

       Up Carriage Sidings.
       When trains stabled in Number 1 siding are formed of stock which can be walked through, Drivers must join the train by
       the buffer stops and walk through the train to the leading cab at the Victoria end.
       If it is not possible to walk through a train to reach the Victoria end cab, when entering the sidings via the access gate
       Drivers must contact the Signaller from the telephone at position light signal VC104 and advise the Signaller of their
       intentions. On arrival at the Victoria end driving cab Drivers must contact the Signaller either via GMS-R or the telephone
       at position light signal VC106 and advise that the walking route is now clear.

       Drivers of all movements from the sidings are reminded that they should press the TRTS plunger when ready to start.
                                                         Dated: 03/01/2023

       SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
       VICTORIA

       Diesel trains.
       Automatic fume extraction equipment is provided above platforms 18 and 19 only. Diesel trains should normally use these
       platforms. Drivers must bring their trains to a stand with the leading cab opposite the special DEMU stopping marks.
       However, if it is necessary for a diesel train to use platforms 9 to 17 and will remain there for more than 15 minutes the
       Driver must shut down the diesel engine to avoid the fire alarms being activated by diesel fumes.

                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
       Battersea Pier Sidings staff halt

       Staff Halt on Brighton Reversible line
       Staff required to go to and from trains berthed in Battersea Pier sidings will normally be collected or dropped off at the staff
       halt by nominated trains which are routed via the Brighton Reversible line. Trains due to stop to collect staff must not wait
       for more than 30 seconds if the persons are not waiting at the halt.

       If due to abnormal circumstances staff need to be collected or dropped off by other than the nominated trains they must
       contact the Southern Railway Production Manager at Victoria who will make arrangements for an additional train to stop at
       the staff halt. If in these circumstances staff are instructed to join an up train at Clapham Junction, the Driver must advise
       the Signaller by GSM-R before departure from Clapham Junction that the staff have joined the train.

       If there are staff to be collected and due to an infrastructure failure or other exceptional circumstances it will not be
       possible for any train to call at the staff halt the Signaller must advise them. The Signaller must be advised of the identity
       of the person and when possible the duty number. The person must then walk over Grosvenor Bridge using the cess
       adjacent to the Brighton Reversible line. The Signaller will not allow normal working to resume on the Brighton Reversible
       line until the person reports from the telephone at position light signal TVC104 quoting name and if appropriate duty
       number, that they are clear of the bridge.
                                                         Dated: 03/01/2023

       SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
       Pouparts Jn

       A freight train hauled by a single Class 73 locomotive which is brought to a stand at signal TVC575 must restart under
       diesel conditions.
                                                         Dated: 03/01/2023




       December 2009                336
