                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Multiple Unit Trains – Emergency Sanding Equipment
       (Where fitted)
       Certain multiple unit trains are fitted with emergency sanding equipment which the Driver will operate when it is necessary
       to stop the train in conditions of very low adhesion.

       Each driving cab carries one application of sand, and once the equipment has been operated from that cab, the facility will
       not be available again until the containers have been replaced.

       Driver’s Actions
       When the emergency sanding equipment has been used the train must be brought to a stand and the Driver must inform
       the Signaller immediately and report the following:-

       • That the emergency ‘Sanding’ equipment has been operated.
       • The location where the equipment was discharged and the current location of the train.

       If the Signaller cannot be contacted immediately via the Cab Secure Radio or a signal post telephone, the Driver must
       place a track circuit operating clip on the line immediately in front of the train. To avoid delay, if the Driver alights to use a
       signal post telephone, a track circuit operating clip should be taken as well.

       The Signaller may instruct the Driver to place a track circuit operating clip on the line immediately in front of the train.

       When the Signaller confirms that the train has been protected, the Driver must provide the following additional information:

       • Why the equipment was operated i.e. whether for a genuine emergency, system fault or operated in error.
       • The location of poor adhesion which caused the sander to be needed.
       • The unit and vehicle number on which the sanding equipment was operated.

       Signaller’s Actions
       On receipt of a report from a Driver that the emergency sanding equipment has been operated on a unit, the Signaller
       must immediately:-

       • Place or maintain the signal in rear of the train at Danger.
       • If the line where the train is standing is track circuited, confirm that the track circuit is showing occupied. Should the
         track circuit not be showing occupied and the signal in rear cannot be placed to danger, instruct the Driver to apply a
         track circuit operating clip immediately in front of the train.
       • Advise the Driver when the train is protected and record the information provided. (On Reversible lines, protection
         must also be applied to prevent the approach of trains in the opposite direction.).

       When it has been ascertained that train movements may re-commence, the next controlled signal in rear of where the
       sander was operated must be maintained at danger behind the first train to proceed through the affected section until the
       train has passed clear of the overlap of the signal in advance of where the train stopped and occupied the track circuit
       ahead. The passage of this first train shall be observed to ensure that track circuits work correctly. This method of
       signalling shall continue until it has been ascertained that the track circuits are working correctly.

       Where poor adhesion problems have been reported, follow the Rule Book, Module TW1, Sections 28.1 – 28.4 ‘Rail Head
       adhesion’.

       Inform Operations Control giving details of the unit and vehicle numbers, train running details, time and location of the
       incident.

       Ensure that all the details are recorded (signal box train register/occurrence book).

       Operations Control Actions
       When informed of an emergency sanding equipment operation the Route Control Manager must:
       • Advise the Train Operating Company concerned in order for them to have the sand cylinders replaced at the next
         convenient opportunity. (Note: This must be done before the unit is allowed to re-enter service the next day.)
       • Arrange for the data recorder to be down loaded.
       • Report all details to the Network Rail National Control Centre

                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13




       December 2009                101
