                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Movement of Long Welded Rail trains
       The following conditions must be applied to the working of Long Welded Rail Mark 11 trains consisting of Perch (YEA),
       Porpoise (YEA) and Otter (YXA) wagons:-
       1.Train to travel under codes ‘Longlo’ and ‘Shuntex’ (see Clause D7, Green Pages and Out-of-Gauge Loads
         Instructions GO/RT3062/5).
       6.Trains must be worked with caution when travelling through connections and from main line to sidings and yards and
         vice versa.
       7.The train must not pass over curves of less than 5 chains (120 metres) radius unless such movements are specially
         set out in the Special Traffic Notice or other appropriate operating notice, or in case of emergency, authorised by
         Network Rail Control.
       8.Propelling movements to be undertaken at extreme caution.
       9.The person in charge of starting and exchange points must confirm that the Train Crew are aware that lone welded
         rails are being conveyed, and Train Crew must keep a sharp lookout throughout the journey.
       10. The length of the complete12 wagon train is 875’ 8” (42 SLUs), RA 5 and weigh between 429 tonnes (tare) and 718
         tonnes depending on number of rails conveyed.
       11. The train must not be moved without all wagons, in the case of a loaded train, or the chute and stabling wagons, in
         the case of an empty train, carrying ‘Load Examined’ labels. This is to confirm that the train has been loaded to the
         ‘Loading Standard’ Y instruction book BR 36841) and that Plant and equipment on the train is safely and securely
         stowed in its travelling position.
                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06

       Multiple units equipped with emergency brake switch
       (EBS)
       On the following single line sections:-
       Appledore and Ore (inclusive)
       Wilton Jn and Tisbury (exclusive)
       Castle Cary (exclusive) and Dorchester West.
       Hurst Green - Uckfield
       If the EBS switch is operated and the train is formed of more than one unit, immediately before leaving the single line
       section the driver must establish that the train is still complete (stopping if necessary) and advise the Signaller accordingly.
                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 24/03/12




       December 2009                100
