                                                          OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3




SW100 – WATERLOO TO CLAPHAM JUNCTION
QUEENSTOWN ROAD (BATTERSEA)

The platform on the Windsor Reversible line is closed and there is no exit from it. If a passenger train is detained at
signal W928 or W929 Drivers of trains formed with power operated doors must give the bell/buzzer code 2-2 (do not open
doors) to the Guard and the doors must not be released. Guards of trains formed with slam door stock must ensure that
no passengers alight at the platform, making public address announcements as necessary.
The continuous place of safety on the cess side of the Windsor Reversible line at the London end of the station terminates
on each side of the signal cabinets at 2m 39ch. Persons are prohibited from walking past these cabinets unless protection
is provided on the Windsor Reversible line by one of the following means:-
c)   protection in accordance with Handbook 8, Handbook 20 or under possession of the line for engineering work as
     shown in the Rule Book, Module T3;
d)   in emergency, blockage of the Windsor Reversible line in accordance with the Handbook 2 or, if called to site by the
     Signaller, protection in accordance with Handbook 8;
e)   the presence of a disabled train in connection with which it is necessary to protect the line in accordance with the Rule
     Book, Module M1 & M2.
                                                                                                           Dated: 06/12/14

SW100 - WATERLOO TO CLAPHAM JUNCTION
CLAPHAM JUNCTION

Trains propelled towards the Latchmere Reversible or Up Ludgate lines must not exceed 693 feet (33 SLUs).
The switched Train Operated Warning Systems at the London end of the station are provided for Shunter’s use only, and
must not be used by other staff. They are located as follows:-
              Main lines - Up side, for the protection of Shunters working in the yard adjacent to the Up Main Fast line;
              Windsor lines - Down side, for the protection of Shunters working in the area of the Down Windsor Slow line.
Stopping Marks
4, 8, and 12 car stopping marks are provided on the sleepers of the Up Main Fast, Up Windsor Slow and Up Windsor Fast
lines to indicate to Drivers when their trains are clear of the respective position light signal (i.e. W1041, W1049 or W1047).
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/09/08




December 2009                                                228
