Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Protecting a stabled train on a platform line
When a line blockage is necessary of a platform line that is occupied by a stabled train the necessary train protection
equipment can be obtained as shown below:

                                                        Train protection
                               Train protection
 Location of stabled                                    equipment to be
                               equipment located                                    Remarks
 train:                                                 applied to the stabled
                               at:
                                                        train by:

 Eastleigh                     S & T, Eastleigh ASC                                 1. The train protection equipment must be
                                                        IWA/COSS/PC                 applied to the driving cab(s) at both ends
 Fareham                       S & T, Eastleigh ASC     responsible for the line    of the stabled train.
                                                        blockage of the line on     2. The train protection equipment must not
 Southampton Central           S & T, Eastleigh ASC     which the train is          be removed from a stabled train without
                                                        stabled.                    first obtaining permission from the
 Salisbury                     Salisbury Signal Box                                 controlling signaller.

                                                                                   Wessex Route GI - Dated: 20/08/11


Protecting a stabled train on a platform line
Kent & Sussex
A platform line on which a train is stabled may be blocked under the arrangements shown in rule book handbook 8 but
only if protection is provided to stop a train making an unauthorised movement.
When a platform line is to be blocked and a train is stabled on that line, the IWA, COSS or PC must place the following
train protection equipment on the train before allowing the work to start:
     1) During daylight: a “NOT TO BE MOVED” board, or a red flag.
     2) During darkness, fog or falling snow: a red light (steady or flashing).
The IWA, COSS or PC must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
     1) at the end from which the train is to be driven, or
     2) at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end.
The arrangements shall apply at the following locations
     1) On platform lines at terminal stations
     2) On dead end bay lines at through stations
     3) On the running lines shown in “Berthing of trains - Sussex Route” in the electronic and hard copies of the
          Sectional Appendix.
                                                                           Kent / Sussex Route GI - Dated: 07/12/10


Protection of emergency services’ staff
When called to attend an incident on or near the line, the Emergency Service (fire, police or ambulance)
control room(s) will normally contact Network Rail Operations Control who will arrange with the signaller for
the safety of all concerned, including blocking the line if necessary.
A Railway Incident Officer (RIO) must go to the incident site as soon as possible to liaise with the Emergency
Service Incident Officer(s).
Where an isolation of the DC traction current is needed, the Emergency Service Incident Officer will contact
their Emergency Service Control. The Emergency Service Control will contact Network Rail Operations
Control and make a request for the isolation. Traction current will be switched off in accordance with Module
DC – Electrified Lines, Section 6 – Emergency Switch off.
The line(s) concerned must be blocked as shown in Module TS1 / 13 Safety of personnel, Rulebook
Handbook 8 IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line and Rulebook 21 Safe Work :Leader (SWL) blocking a line as
soon as possible.
                                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 06/12/14




December 2009                                               132
