Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3




SW100 – WATERLOO TO CLAPHAM JUNCTION
Entire Line Of Route

Provision of a Position of Safety for Patrolmen

To provide a position of safety for Patrolmen carrying out infrastructure inspection and minor maintenance work directly
associated with patrolling between Waterloo and Vauxhall (Main Lines) and Waterloo and Barnes (Windsor Lines),
protection in accordance with Handbook 8 (Section 2) may be given (as shown below) on either the , Down Windsor,
Down Windsor Slow, Down Windsor Fast, Putney Reversible, Up Main Relief, Ludgates, Windsor Reversible or Up
Windsor Slow between the locations shown at the request of the COSS (or PC), subject to the request being in
accordance with the arrangements agreed with the local manager.
All references to the signaller in this section refer to the signaller at Wimbledon Area Signalling Centre (ASC)
The COSS (or PC) must agree with the signaller, which line will be used for this purpose. The COSS (or PC) will arrange
for detonator protection to be provided at the entrance to the affected line clear of the points listed in the ‘Clear of points
ahead’ column below. Each line has its own unique form, which must be used on each occasion.
Procedure for blocking the line when used for the Provision of a Position of Safety for Patrolmen between
Waterloo and Vauxhall (Main Lines) and Waterloo and Barnes (Windsor Lines)
Handbook 8, the following conditions apply
    1.   The procedure may only be used for track patrolling
    2.   The procedure may only be used at locations authorised in the Wessex Route Section Appendix
    3.   The procedure requires the use of location specific forms conforming to a prescribed format
    4.   The procedure shall be pre-planned but not published in the weekly operating notice (WON)
The following procedure shall apply:
    1.   Patrolling will be carried out in a Red Zone (RZ). The Patrolman is also the COSS
    2.   A blocked line shall be considered a position of safety.
    3.   Lookout(s) shall be provided at all times.
    4.   The COSS (when in a position of safety) shall ask the signaller for permission to place the necessary detonator
         protection for the line blockage.
    5.   The signaller shall place reminder appliances on the affected signalling controls.
    6.   The signaller shall give the COSS permission to place the detonator protection at the entrance to the affected
         section and clear of the designated points.
    7.   Using the protection of the look out, the COSS shall proceed across open lines to where the protection is to be
         placed, and place it.
    8.   The COSS shall remain at the possession limit board (PLB) in the four-foot and tell the signaller that the
         necessary protection has been placed
    9.   The signaller shall confirm to the COSS that the line is then blocked and issue authority number to the
         COSS. Both signaller and COSS must complete a line blockage form.
    10. The COSS shall carry out patrol duties with lookout(s).
    11. When the work is finished the COSS shall go to a position of safety and ask the signaller for permission to
        remove the track protection.
    12. The signaller shall give the COSS permission to remove the track protection.
    13. The COSS will remove the track protection and return to a position of safety across open lines using look out
        protection.
    14. The COSS shall tell the signaller that the track protection has been removed.
    15. The signaller shall cancel the authority number and both signaller and COSS shall update their line blockage
        forms (see next page).




December 2009                                                 228
