Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Class 253 & 254 trains
Isolation of traction current

The traction current must be switched off in accordance with the D.C. Electrified Lines Instructions before work is
commenced as follows:-
1.   When the emergency drawbar equipment is removed from the power car and used for coupling to an assisting
     locomotive.
2.   When it is necessary to manually release a power car parking brake.
3.   When it is necessary to isolate underslung equipment on the conductor rail side of the train.
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Class 373 units - defective air suspension
Should the air suspension become defective in service, the Driver will advise the Signaller the conditions under which the
unit may continue the journey (even if there is no reduction of speed).
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Class 373 units - sanding equipment
These units are fitted with automatic sanding equipment on both power cars. When sand is being applied to the rail, a
cloud of light dust is created, which can give the impression of smoke emission. Staff should be aware of this normal
feature when observing the units on route.
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated:02/12/06


Class 373 units - Traincrew
Each unit in international passenger service will have one Driver and two Train Managers, all passed in the rules,
regulations and instructions of each railway administration over which they are required to travel.
The Train Managers have the following responsibilities:-
English Title                SNCB (Belgian Railways)              Responsibilities
                             SNCF (French Railways)

 Train Manager 1              Chef de Bord                         Train Manager with primarily commercial
                                                                   responsibilities. Is also responsible for
                                                                   authorising the departure of trains from
                                                                   stations
 Train Manager 2              Deuxieme Agent                       Train Manager or Driver with other
                                                                   operational responsibilities, including driving
                                                                   of the unit in emergencies in the tunnel and
                                                                   standard protection and assistance duties

                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                81
