                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Protecting a stabled train on a platform line
       When a line blockage is necessary of a platform line that is occupied by a stabled train the necessary train protection
       equipment can be obtained as shown below:

                                  Train protection
                      Train protection
       Location of stabled        equipment to be
                      equipment located         Remarks
       train:                     applied to the stabled
                      at:
                                  train by:

       Eastleigh      S & T, Eastleigh ASC      1. The train protection equipment must be
                                  IWA/COSS/PC   applied to the driving cab(s) at both ends
       Fareham        S & T, Eastleigh ASC      of the stabled train.
                                  responsible for the line
                                                2. The train protection equipment must not
                                  blockage of the line on
       Southampton Central
                      S & T, Eastleigh ASC      be removed from a stabled train without
                                  which the train is
                                  stabled.      first obtaining permission from the
       Salisbury      Salisbury Signal Box      controlling signaller.

                                               Wessex Route GI - Dated: 20/08/11


       Protecting a stabled train on a platform line
       Kent & Sussex
       A platform line on which a train is stabled may be blocked under the arrangements shown in rule book handbook 8 but
       only if protection is provided to stop a train making an unauthorised movement.
       When a platform line is to be blocked and a train is stabled on that line, the IWA, COSS or PC must place the following
       train protection equipment on the train before allowing the work to start:
         1) During daylight: a “NOT TO BE MOVED” board, or a red flag.
         2) During darkness, fog or falling snow: a red light (steady or flashing).
       The IWA, COSS or PC must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
         1) at the end from which the train is to be driven, or
         2) at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end.
       The arrangements shall apply at the following locations
         1) On platform lines at terminal stations
         2) On dead end bay lines at through stations
         3) On the running lines shown in “Berthing of trains - Sussex Route” in the electronic and hard copies of the
            Sectional Appendix.
                                            Kent / Sussex Route GI - Dated: 07/12/10




       December 2009                132
