                                                           OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Rule Book Module T10 – Duties of a designated person
(DP) and people working on rail vehicles
Section 4 – General duties of a DP

Working on a train on a running line including at a station platform
Red flashing light/flag units are provided at a number of locations for use of train operator staff working on trains in
terminal platform lines only.
A second red flashing light/flag unit will be exhibited in the following circumstances:
5.   When length of the train/platform curvature, etc requires the additional unit to be positioned towards the centre of the
     train, or
6.   When the work/examination involves train operator staff going underneath the train, unless this is a coach upon which
     a unit is already exhibited.
The Rule Book, Module T10, Section 4.3 is modified accordingly.
                                                South East (Kent/Sussex/Wessex) Territory GI – Dated: 19/03/11


Rule Book Module TS1 - General signalling regulations
Section 13, Clause 13.1 - Personnel asking for trains to be stopped
These Instructions modify and prescribe the actions to be taken by the controlling signaller within the modular rule book
General Signalling Regulations TS1 13.1 (Personnel asking for trains to be stopped), when a member of station staff or
other competent person makes a request to recover an item dropped on the track (using non-conductive litter pickers or
other suitable equipment) whilst remaining on the station platform.
When a person makes a request to recover an item from the track whilst remaining on the platform the signaller must:
1.   Confirm with the person who has requested to recover the item the exact location and from which line the item is to be
     recovered from;
2.   Confirm that the person will recover the item whilst remaining on the station platform;
3.   Record details on the Line Blockage Form (NR3180) of the line to be blocked, the protecting signal(s) and the role of
     the person making the request to recover the item; If the controlling signal is controlled by another signaller,
     confirmation must be obtained by the signaller receiving the request that the protecting signal is confirmed to be at red
     and protection afforded by that signaller.
4.   Arrange for the line from which the item is to be recovered from ONLY to be blocked, affording reminder appliances
     for the line blockage as necessary;
5.   Confirm with the person who has requested to recover the item that the line will stay blocked until they inform you that
     the item has been recovered and they are in a place of safety away from the platform edge;
6.   Remind the person about adjacent lines that remain open for normal working and where applicable that the traction
     current remains live.
7.   Give the person permission to recover the item.
When the person has recovered the item confirms that the item has been recovered and they are in a place of safety away
from the platform edge, the signaller must:
1.   Record this on the line blockage form;
2.   Withdraw the signal protection / reminder appliances and return to normal working.
If a person makes a request to recover an item by going onto the track, the requirements of rule book modules TS1 (13)
Section 13.1 and SS1 (2) must continue to be fully applied.
                                                                                    Wessex Route GI - Dated: 02/12/17




December 2009                                                 62
