                                                          OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Driver Only Operation (Non-Passenger) - Cleared Routes
- Kent & Sussex
All routes on the Kent and Sussex Routes are cleared for DOO (NP) Operation, except between Appledore and Lydd
Town (Goods Line).
The following restriction should be noted:
1.   Subject to provisions of Tables D4A and D4B (Line of Route SO210) – Route Clearance of Locomotives
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Driver Only Operation (Non-Passenger) - Cleared Routes
- Wessex Route
All routes on the Wessex Route are cleared for D.O.O. (NP) operation of departmental services (Sandite/De-icer) with the
exception of:-
•    Fratton – Portsmouth Harbour (except Portsmouth & Southsea & D.C.S.)
D.O.O. (NP) operation is permitted for all ECS moves, subject to route availability, with the exception of trains formed of
‘slam door’ stock, which are not permitted between:-
•    Fratton – Portsmouth Harbour (except Portsmouth & Southsea & D.C.S.)
Trains formed of ‘slam door’ stock are permitted to run under D.O.O. (NP) over cleared routes up to a maximum of 10
miles. However during service disruption under authorisation from Network Rail Control and provided all doors are locked
the 10 mile restriction may be exceeded.
•    Fratton – Portsmouth Harbour (except Portsmouth & Southsea & D.C.S.)
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Driver Only Operation (Passenger) - Cleared Routes -
Kent
Charing Cross to Tonbridge
Cannon Street to London Bridge
Farringdon to London Bridge
Blackfriars to Herne Hill
Victoria to Herne Hill (include via Stewarts Lane)
Loughborough Jn. to Cambria Jn
Nunhead to Shortlands
Nunhead to Lewisham
Lewisham Vale Jn to Tanners Hill Jn
Herne Hill to Swanley
Bickley Jn to Orpington
Swanley to Sevenoaks
North Kent East Jn to Dartford (via Greenwich)
St Johns to Hayes via Lewisham
Parks Bridge Jn to Ladywell
Lewisham to Hither Green
Hither Green to Strood via Sidcup
Springhead Jn. To Ebbsfleet (CTRL) (Class 395 only)
Blackheath to Charlton
Cannon Street to Metropolitan Jn
Crayford Spur ‘A’ Jn & Crayford Spur ‘B’ Jn




December 2009                                                87
