                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3



       When authorising Drivers to pass signal R.38 at danger, the Signaller will additionally instruct each Driver (or the
       Handsignaller if provided) to operate the plunger located next to the signal post telephone in a locked cabinet at R.38 to
       de-activate the apparatus. The cabinet is unlocked with a BR No.1 key.
                                                           Dated: 10/05/14

       SW225 - POINT PLEASANT JUNCTION TO WIMBLEDON
       East Putney Tunnel

       Diagonal yellow lines are marked on the tunnel walls to indicate the location of the nearest refuge. They lead from the
       centre point between two refuges down to the refuges. When persons are in the tunnel they must follow the descending
       lines to the nearest refuge.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SW225 - POINT PLEASANT JUNCTION TO WIMBLEDON
       Entire Line Of Route

       Due to the slow operation of trainstops, dual aspects may momentarily be displayed by the signal concerned. If a dual
       aspect remains displayed Drivers must immediately telephone the Signaller.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SW245 - TWICKENHAM TO SHACKLEGATE JUNCTION
       STRAWBERRY HILL

       Train movements between Strawberry Hill station and Strawberry Hill Depot and Carriage Sidings.

       4 car and 5 - 8 car 'Depot' stop marks are provided on the Up line platform at Strawberry Hill, to assist Drivers of trains
       arriving from the 'Kingston' or 'Fulwell' direction in stopping the rear of the train clear of signal BEF2461 (including 'yard to
       yard' shunt moves to or from the Depot or Carriage
       Sidings). Drivers of 8 car trains must request the Signaller to clear Up platform signal BEF2464 before drawing forward to
       the 8 car 'Depot' stop mark. If an 8 car passenger train is required to terminate in platform 2, the train must be brought to a
       stand at the normal 8 car stop, and station duties must be completed before drawing forward to the 8 car 'Depot' stop
       mark.
       An 'S' car 'Depot' stop mark is also provided for trains arriving in the Up platform from the Twickenham direction, so the
       train can stand a suitable distance away from signal BEF2461 when required.
       Terminating Trains Out Of Course
       The signaller must, in this circumstance, contact the driver and establish one of the following:
       Check whether they have the required route knowledge via Fulwell to reverse.
       or
       The Signaller must contact the driver and advise them that the train will terminate in the down platform then shunt to the
       up platform ECS
       or
       The Signaller must contact the driver and confirm that the train will terminate in the Up platform. Remind the driver about
       local door if 8 cars so that the guard can be informed and use Local Door only.
                                                         Dated: 21/08/2021




       December 2009                250
