                                                          OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




LORAM C21 RAIL GRINDER
General
There are three rail grinding trains in the Loram C21 series, numbers C2101, C2102 and C2103.
Rail grinding train C2101 has a route availability of RA7, rail grinding trains C2102 and C2103 have a route availability of
RA6.
All Loram Class C21 rail grinding trains are approved to travel on routes cleared to W6A gauge.
All Loram Class C21 rail grinding trains can be relied upon to operate track circuits.
Where axle counters are used for train detection the Special Train Reminder (where provided) procedure is to be used
when grinding operations are taking place on lines open for normal working.
Transit moves
The maximum permitted speed of the rail grinding trains is 55 mph.
Transit over 3rd or 4th rail DC electrified lines is permitted under the following conditions:
       •    The electrified rails are isolated in accordance with appropriate instructions, OR
       •    The ‘spark blankets’ are removed, OR
       •    The ‘spark blankets’ are secured within the W6a load gauge.
Grinding operations
Notification must be given to the train and freight operators which operate on the routes concerned where grinding is to
take place so that drivers can be told.
Grinding operations are permitted to take place both within T3 possessions and on lines open for normal working.
The maximum permissible speed when grinding is taking place is approximately 5 mph.
Grinding operations are only permitted on jointed or continuously welded plain track; grinding operations on switches and
crossings are specifically excluded.
Rail grinding train C2101 is not permitted to grind in any tunnels.
Rail grinding trains C2102 and C2103 are permitted to grind in a tunnel, subject to the necessary risk assessment by the
train operator.
The train operator is responsible for ensuring that grinding equipment does not damage track-mounted equipment or level
crossing decks.
Grinding operations over 3rd or 4th rail DC electrified lines are permitted under the following conditions:
       •    The electrified rails are isolated in accordance with appropriate instructions, AND
       •    The ‘spark blankets’ are fitted
All rail grinding train types may be authorised, in accordance with Rule Book Module TW7, Clause 1.1 to make a wrong-
direction movement for the purpose of extinguishing a line side fire only, should the Operator request it.
A wrong-direction movement may only be authorised by the Signaller
Rail grinding trains are equipped with on-board damping water spray and fire fighting water cannon.
All staff on or about the line are prohibited to be within 10m (approximately 10 yards) of the train whilst grinding
operations are being carried out due to the danger of objects being emitted beyond the machine’s shields. The
machine operator will look out for any staff on or about the line who may be within this distance and cease operations if
this is the case. Similarly, any person on a station platform will cause grinding operations to cease.
Grinding operations on lines open for normal working with Simplified Bi-directional Signalling (SIMBIDS) in
operation on the opposite line
If the rail grinding train is to operate on lines open for normal working with SIMBIDS in operation on the opposite line, the
signal applying to the line on which the rail grinder is operating and which protects the crossover at the end of the grinding
site, and through which trains from the line being used for SIMBIDS are being returned to the proper line, must be fitted
with an operational TPWS train stop sensor (TSS)
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 07/07/12




December 2009                                                99
