Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3



SW120 - PIRBRIGHT JN TO ALTON
ALTON

When Station staff are not in attendance a member of the Traincrew must operate the “Train Ready to Start” plunger
immediately prior to the booked departure time or, in the case of late running, when the train is ready to depart.
Application of hand brakes at oil/chemical depots/sidings
Clauses D3.3, D4.2 (b) and D5.1 Pink Pages, refer, handbrakes must be applied on each group of wagons left in the
undermentioned sidings as follows:-
Holybourne first 3 wagons
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SW135 - EASTLEIGH TO FAREHAM
BOTLEY

When operational necessary it is permitted for a single locomotive to proceed on to the single line from Botley in order to
run round it’s train when a T3 Possession has been granted beyond E480 points.
The following instructions must be adhered to:-
An entry will be published in the WON under the appropriate item number to advise that this process is to apply.
    •    The possession must be planned to be a T3 Possession ahead of E480 points.
    •    The detonator protection and possession limit board must be in placed beyond 79M 48ch before these
         instructions can apply
     • The Possession may not be sub-standard at Botley.
PICOP may give the Signaller permission to allow a movement to take place towards the Protection point only when the
following applies:-
    •    The Protection is placed beyond 79M 48ch towards Fareham.
    •    The protection is not in the process of being placed or removed.
    •     No on track movement is being made with ¼ mile of the protection (where necessary confirmation must be
          received form ES that all movements are at a stand)
When the PICOP has given permission for a locomotive movement towards the detonator protection, you must not allow
any rail movement to be made towards the protection until the Signaller has confirmed to you that the locomotive
movement has been completed.
                                                                                                           Dated: 05/07/15

SW135 - EASTLEIGH TO FAREHAM
Entire Line Of Route
Electric trains must not exceed a conductor rail index of 14.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SW140 - ST. DENYS TO PORTCREEK JUNCTION
FAREHAM
All drivers of terminating trains which require shunting via either the Up Netley or Up Portsmouth lines, must contact the
signaller before any movement is made, even if a signal is already cleared. This is to ensure that the signaller is aware of
and has a clear understanding of the movement to be made.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SW140 - ST. DENYS TO PORTCREEK JUNCTION
Entire Line Of Route
Electric trains must not exceed a conductor rail index of 14.
Drivers of trains hauled by more than one Class 73 locomotive must work under series-only conditions when on electric
power.
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/09/08




December 2009                                                   236                                                            )
