Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3




SW115 – WORTING JUNCTION TO EXETER ST DAVIDS
Yeovil Junction

STOP BOARDS SE4731 (Down Siding No.1) & SE4733 (Down Siding No.2)
These stop boards are worded ‘STOP – Await Instructions’.
The authority to pass these stop boards will normally be given by the ‘Authorised Person’ who is the person-in-charge of
the rail movement from Down Siding No.1 or Down Siding No.2 to the headshunt and/or the Heritage Railway Centre at
the Country end of both sidings. In all cases, the ‘Authorised Person’ should reach a clear understanding with the
Basingstoke signaller regarding the intended movement(s) before authorising a movement to pass the relevant ‘Stop
Board’.
(a) For movements to the Yeovil Heritage Railway a Network Rail Mobile Operations Manager is designated as the
‘Authorised Person’ and only this person will be responsible for authorising drivers to pass stop boards SE4731 or
SE4733. There is no requirement for this ‘Authorised Person’ to seek permission from the Basingstoke Signaller to pass
the relevant stop board for movements towards the buffer stops of the headshunt.
(b) For other movements requiring to pass the stop boards but which are NOT going to the Yeovil Heritage Railway then
the ‘Authorised Person’ will be the shunter or other ‘groundstaff’ controlling the movement. There is no requirement for this
‘Authorised Person’ to seek permission from the Basingstoke signaller to pass the relevant stop board for movements
towards the buffer stops of the headshunt.
(c) When a shunter or other groundstaff are not provided the Basingstoke signaller becomes the ‘Authorised Person’ and
this signaller will authorise the Driver of the movement to:
    •     Ensure that both sets of handpoints in the route ahead are correctly set for the intended movement before
          passing over them
    •     Proceed as far as the line is clear as is necessary for the intended movement
    •     Pass the relevant stop board.
Yeovil Junction Heritage Railway
Access to the Yeovil Junction Heritage Railway sidings, which are operated by the South West Main Line Steam Company
(SWMLSCo), is via handpoints at both the London and Country ends of Yeovil Down Siding No.1. These handpoints are
normally kept clipped and padlocked in their normal position with the keys to the padlocks being held in the Mobile
Operations Managers office at Yeovil Junction. Gates, which give access to the Yeovil Heritage railway sidings, are also
normally secured across the line on both routes which lead from Down Siding No.1.
Before any movement is made to or from the Heritage sidings a Network Rail Representative (normally the Yeovil Junction
Mobile Operations Manager) must reach a clear understanding with the SWMLSCo Person In Charge regarding the
movement to be made. The Network Rail Representative must then liaise with the Basingstoke (West of England) signaller
regarding the intended movement(s).
On completion of all movements, the Network Rail Representative must ensure both gates are closed and secured and
that all the handpoints which give access to the Heritage Railway sidings are secured in their ‘normal’ position and the
keys to the padlocks returned to the Mobile Operations Manager’s office at Yeovil Junction.
Heritage Railway Platform (Down Siding No.1)
Trains conveying passengers are authorised to run to, and depart from, the Heritage Railway Platform (Down siding No.1)
at Yeovil Junction when the arrangements are published.
For an Up train conveying passengers from the Heritage Railway platform (Down siding No.1) the clearance of position
light signal SE4722 is the authority for the train to depart once the normal train despatch procedures have been complied
with.
Depending upon which line the train will be routed towards, the signaller will ensure, where possible, before SE4722 is
cleared that the following signal(s) shown in the table below is also cleared:
                Line                      Signal
        Up Exeter Reversible              SE4710
   Yeovil Pen Mill branch line            SE4752


                                                                                                           Dated:09/11/13




December 2009                                               234
