                                   OFFICIAL




       SO230 - FOLKESTONE EAST TO FOLKESTONE HARBOUR
       Entire Line Of Route

       Locomotive Hauled Trains
       The maximum loads for up direction locomotive-hauled trains are as follows:-
                  Class of locomotive   Tonnes

                  08, 09                 140
                  33                     250
                  47                     375
                  73 working on diesel power
                                         210


       An assisting locomotive must be provided when the weight of the train exceeds the permitted load of the train locomotive.
       The maximum permitted load, when two locomotives are provided, may be calculated by adding together the loads for
       each locomotive. When an assisting locomotive is provided it must be attached to the rear of the train.
       Locomotive-hauled passenger trains are authorised to work from Folkestone East to Folkestone Harbour and back with a
       locomotive coupled at each end. To ensure that at no time are the train power supply jumper cables connected between
       more than one locomotive and the train, the following procedure will apply:-


       At Folkestone East
       If the locomotive to be attached to the London end of the train is not required to supply power for heating etc., the
       attachment may be made while the jumper cables are connected between the train and the Dover end locomotive.


       At Folkestone Harbour
       If it is required to supply power to the train from the locomotive which was attached at Folkestone East, the jumpers at the
       Dover end of the train must first be disconnected. Before doing so, the Shunter must ascertain that the train power supply
       from the locomotive is switched off. This must again be done, in respect of the second locomotive, before the jumpers are
       connected at the other end of the train.
       The rear locomotive must not provide traction power unless this is required in the up direction for assistance purposes.
       Passenger trains from the direction of Dover to Folkestone Harbour and vice versa are permitted to proceed from the up
       line towards Dover or to the train roads under the authority of a Handsignaller, when position light signal 62 has been
       cleared. In the case of trains for Folkestone Harbour the Driver must be advised to which train road the train is to run.
       Locomotive operated passenger trains must not be propelled and, where necessary, movements to or from the Train
       Roads must be made with a locomotive at each end.
       The ‘Person in Charge’ must advise the Signaller of departure details of trains placed in the berthing sidings. Traincrew of
       trains berthed must, immediately prior to departure time, contact the Signaller from signal YE79 for authority to depart.
       When the signal has been cleared, the Guard may authorise the Driver to depart.


       Train roads
       Traincrew of a train en route to Folkestone Harbour must advise the Signaller at Folkestone East when the train is ready to
       depart.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SO250 - BATTERSEA PIER JN TO WILLESDEN WEST LONDON JN
       Stewarts Lane Jn

       Nos. 1 and 2 berthing sidings
       The train ready to start plunger must be operated immediately before the train is ready to depart.

                                                           Dated: 20/01/18




       December 2009                328
