                                   OFFICIAL




       SO511 - HIGHBURY & ISLINGTON TO NEW CROSS / NEW CROSS GATE
       (ELL)
       SURREY QUAYS to SHOREDITCH HIGH STREET

       Tunnel sections between Surrey Quays and Shoreditch High Street stations

       Class 378 units

       Failed trains able to contact the signaller
       If a train is declared a failure and the driver is able to contact the signaller, the following procedure will apply.
       If the signaller establishes that a train has not moved and is able to establish contact with the train, the ELL Failed Train
       Procedure will apply.
       The Rule Book, Module M2, is modified by the following instruction:
       • The driver of the assisting train will when required be authorised to enter the tunnel section without picking up the
         driver of the failed train,
       • The driver of the assisting train will not arrive at the assistance protection (not carried out),
       • The driver of the assisting train must travel at no more than 3mph whilst proceeding beyond the final signal/station
         location protecting the failed train,
       • The driver of the assisting train must stop 10m from the failed train, and
       • Once stopped 10m from the failed train, the driver of the assisting train must contact the signaller who will initiate a 3-
         way call via the GSM-R radio to arrange the coupling process.

                                                         Dated: 25/06/2022


       SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
       HORSHAM
       When trains are required to shunt via the Up line (towards the Limit Of Shunt) or Up Siding South the Signaller must not
       operate the signal for the movement to commence until the Driver has been informed of the route to be used, using the
       telephones at the country end of the Platforms.
       The Signaller must again inform the Driver if the route has been altered for any reason.
       If the Driver of any train booked to shunt at Horsham, except for those booked to the Malthouse Siding, should receive a
       signal to shunt via the south end without being informed of the route, he should not accept the signal until he has
       contacted the Signaller for clarification.
       The Driver of a train or the Person in Charge of the movement from Malthouse siding must ask the Signaller for
       permission to draw up to shunt signal No.54.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
       ARUNDEL
       Traincrew of down trains which terminate must operate ‘the Train Arrived Complete’ plunger.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
       FORD
       Up passenger trains are authorised to start from the down platform. A Handsignaller will not be provided and Drivers are
       authorised to proceed when position light signal 53 is cleared. The instruction “Starting of passenger trains where no stop
       signal is provided” in Section 3 is modified accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2009                345
