                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Wagons fitted with buckeye couplings
       Wagon types JHA, JNA, JTA, JUA, JYA and KEA are operated in sets. A train may consist of more than one set of
       wagons, the ‘inner wagons are fitted with Buckeye type E/f couplings both ends and have no buffers. The ‘outer’ wagons
       are fitted with E/F coupling at one end and screw couplings at the other end
       Any instanter-fitted wagons MUST be formed to the rear of these wagons and PGA 51t wagons to the rear of those on all
       loaded trains.
       Disengagement of couplings
       To part vehicles (e.g. due to hot axle box or other defect) the buckeye must be disengaged. This is achieved by the
       operation of the fixed handle attached to each coupling. The handle must be lifted firmly for a short movement outwards;
       no significant force is required. Only one handle on either side of the coupled vehicles needs to be lifted to achieve
       separation. The coupling will separate as vehicles are drawn apart.
       Re-engagement of coupling
       This should be performed on straight, level track. One or both knuckles should have been opened by means of lifting the
       disengagement handle. The vehicles are brought slowly together until the knuckles snap shut.
       The coupling should be tested to ensure that it is secure by gently drawing ahead after re-engagement to ensure the
       vehicles remain coupled.
                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


       WHEEL IMPACT LOAD DETECTOR (‘WILD’

       equipment) – Wessex Route
       The equipment, installed in the track, is designed to minimise track and vehicle damage by detecting out-of-round wheels
       and exceedances in individual axle weights. In Wessex Route, equipment is located as follows:

       Route         Location         Mileage    Lines fitted


       SW105         Shawford         68m. 60ch  Down# and Up Main #NOTE: Only the
                                                 down direction is currently in operational use.

       If a train exerts an impact force on the track of 350 kilonewtons or more when passing a site, an alarm is sent to Wessex
       Integrated Control Centre (WICC) in Basingstoke, from where arrangements will be made with the appropriate Signaller
       and the TOC / FOC Control to deal with the train.
       Depending on the severity of the impact, the Signaller will instruct the Driver not to exceed a specified maximum speed
       until the train / vehicle can be taken out of service. The ‘alarm levels’ used are as follows:
       Level 1 alarms are warnings only and do not require trains to be stopped.
       Level 2 Alarm –
         • Passenger / Parcels / ECS max speed 50mph
         • Locomotive / Class 4 max 40mph
         • All other freight trains max speed 30mph
       Level 3 Alarm – all trains max. speed 20 mph.
       Level 4 Alarm – all trains max. speed 10 mph.
       Control and the appropriate TOC / FOC Control will confer as necessary on the arrangements to apply in each case.
       generally, this will follow the Contingency Plan for the operator concerned.




       December 2009                142
