Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2



4. Trains travelling from Ore to Rye
   When the train arrives at Ore, signal EDL12 the Driver will be advised by the Signaller at Hastings that the
   signalling equipment has failed and that it will be necessary for the train to proceed to the Up Siding and
   then cross to the Down platform. The Signaller at Hastings must then advise the Driver that he must
   complete a written order as authority to proceed. The Driver must complete the order at the dictation of
   the Signaller. The order forms are kept in a cabinet near signal EDL83. The order must be given to the
   Signaller at Rye.
(For instructions concerning divided trains see Rule Book, Module M1, Section 6)
                                                                                                                Dated: 09/05/09

SO600 - WILLINGDON JN TO ASHFORD
Ore Up Siding

Trains reversing at this location must proceed fully into the siding in order that the rear of the train is clear of the trap
points, and behind no.26 position light signal.
When a train is ready to depart from Ore Up Siding the Driver must advise the Signaller by the use of the GSMR prior to
booked departure time.
It is permitted for the Driver to operate the “SG” (Standing at signal) facility.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/05/16

SO620 - BRIGHTON TO SEAFORD
NEWHAVEN HARBOUR To SEAFORD

Electric trains must not exceed 8 cars or a conductor rail current index of 8.
If a train has a conductor rail index greater than 4 the Driver must work under series-only conditions.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06

SO640 - BARNHAM TO BOGNOR REGIS
BOGNOR REGIS

When a train is ready to leave Nos. 1, 2 or 3 up sidings, the Driver, Conductor or Shunter must advise the Signaller.
                                                                                                                Dated: 20/09/08

SO650 - BALHAM JN TO BECKENHAM JN
CRYSTAL PALACE

Multiple unit trains without gangways throughout, being shunted on the up line towards Gypsy Hill, must be conducted with
two drivers driven from the leading cab in the direction of travel. You must not get out in the tunnel.
                                                                                                                Dated: 20/09/08

SO680 - SOUTH BERMONDSEY JN TO HORSHAM
EPSOM

All movements into up and down sidings must go to the furthest point. 4-car and 8-car stopping marks are provided in the
down and up sidings as an indication that an in going movement of the respective length is clear of all points leading to the
running lines. They do not apply to movements into these sidings for berthing. A stopping mark is provided at the country
end of both sidings, at which the first berthing movement must stop. All following berthing movements must draw up in
close order leaving the maximum room for other movements to be made.
The Driver of a train from the down or up sidings must ask the Signaller for permission to draw up to the position light
signal at the London end of the sidings. The Driver must operate the “Train Ready To Start” plunger when ready to leave
the siding.
                                                                                                                Dated: 20/09/08




December 2009                                                   348
