                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Rule Book Module TW5 - Preparation and movement of
       trains : Defective or isolated vehicles and on-train
       equipment
       Section 26.4 Moving vehicles with wheelskates

       Any movement using wheelskates on Kent, Sussex or Wessex routes is restricted to a maximum speed of 5 mph when
       passing through points and crossings unless the Rolling Stock Technician imposes a more severe restriction.
                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/17


       Handbook 2 - Instructions for track workers who use
       emergency protection equipment
       Section 2 – Signal-post replacement switch
       A SPRS may be used to place or hold an automatic or semi-automatic signal at Danger for the purpose of protecting a line
       that is unsafe.
       The Signaller must be told immediately the switch has been turned to ‘Red’ and an assurance then given to the Signaller
       that the signal is at Danger.
       The Signaller’s permission must be obtained before a signal post replacement switch is turned back to ‘Auto’.
       The Signaller must make an entry in the Train Register each time that a switch is operated.
       A person authorised to use a signal post replacement key/switch must be trained and competent in use of this equipment.
                              South East (Kent/Sussex/Wessex) Territory GI – Dated: 19/03/11


       Rule Book Module HB5 - Handsignalling duties
       Section 3 – Signal-post replacement switch
       A SPRS may be used to place or hold an automatic or semi-automatic signal at Danger in the following circumstances:
       3.Temporary Block Working (TBW) and,
       4.Single line working (SLW)
       The Signaller’s permission must be obtained before the switch is turned to ‘Red’.
       In all cases the Signaller must be advised immediately the switch has been turned to ‘Red’ and an assurance then given to
       the Signaller that the signal is at Danger.
       The Signaller’s permission must be obtained before a signal post replacement switch is turned back to ‘Auto’.
       The Signaller must make an entry in the Train Register each time that a switch is operated.
       A person authorised to use a signal post replacement key/switch must be trained and competent in use of this equipment.
                              South East (Kent/Sussex/Wessex) Territory GI – Dated: 19/03/11




       December 2009                71
