                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




       Rule Book Module T3 - Possession of a running line for
       engineering work
       Section 2, Clause 2.4 – Arranging detonator protection at the standard distance
       (Duplication of Anglia Sectional Appendix)


       Handbook 11 – Duties of the person in charge of the
       possession (PICOP)
       Section 4, Clause 4.4 - Arranging detonator protection at the standard distance
       Detonator protection is not required to be provided where the limit of a possession is shown as being at a Bufferstop.
       This instruction is applicable to the East London Line (SO511 Highbury & Islington to New Cross / New Cross Gate ELL)
       at Highbury & Islington.
                                              Sussex Route GI - Dated: 25/06/2022


       Handbook 8 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line / TS1
       General Signalling Regulations 13.2.3
       Protecting a stabled train on a platform line

       (Duplication of Anglia Sectional Appendix)

       A platform line on which a train is stabled may be blocked under the arrangements shown in this handbook, but only if
       protection is provided to stop a train making an unauthorised movement.
       When a platform line is to be blocked and a train is stabled on that line, the IWA, COSS or PC must place the following
       train protection equipment on the train before allowing the work to start:
       1. during daylight: a “NOT TO BE MOVED” board, or a red flag
       2. during darkness, fog or falling snow: a red light (steady or flashing)
       The IWA, COSS or PC must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
       • 1. at the end from which the train is to be driven,
       • or
       • 2. at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end
       The arrangements shall apply at the following locations
       1. on platform lines at terminal stations
       2. on dead end bay platforms at through stations
       3. on running lines shown in “Stabling of trains” – within General Instructions of Anglia Route Sectional Appendix
       Note:
       Drivers are permitted to enter the driving cab for the purposes of preparing the train in accordance with their company
       instructions.
       Unless permits are issued, the traction current must always be treated as being live.
       This instruction is applicable to the East London Line (SO511 Highbury & Islington to New Cross / New Cross Gate ELL)
       between Highbury & Islington and Dalston West Curve.
                                              Sussex Route GI - Dated: 25/06/2022




       December 2009                59E
