                                   OFFICIAL


       Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3



       SW175 - CASTLE CARY TO DORCHESTER JUNCTION
       MAIDEN NEWTON

       Down trains
       On arrival of a down train the Driver must, after carrying out the requirements of NSTR instructions, clause 3.2, then
       operate the plunger which will enable signal MN 3 to clear and observe that the green light in the Token Hut is illuminated.
       If the signal fails to clear or the green light is not illuminated, he must telephone the Signaller at Dorchester South and
       carry out his instructions.


       Up trains
       When an up train arrives at Maiden Newton, the Driver must observe the requirements of NSTR instructions, clauses
       3.2.1, 3.2.2 and 3.2.3.
       Provided the train is complete and it has not been necessary to secure the points, the Driver must operate the plunger in
       the Up Platform Token Hut. If it has been necessary to secure the points, the plunger must not be operated until the
       Dorchester South Signaller has been advised that it was necessary to secure the points and the points handle, clamp and
       scotch have been returned to the cabinet. The plunger must be kept depressed until the red light is extinguished and the
       white light illuminated. If the white light fails to illuminate within ten seconds he must advise the Dorchester South
       Signaller.
       Having carried out these instructions the Driver must then telephone the Yeovil Pen Mill Signaller and obtain permission to
       withdraw a token.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SW175 - CASTLE CARY TO DORCHESTER JUNCTION
       MAIDEN NEWTON To Dorchester Jn

       Tokenless Block Working

       Trains may be authorised to proceed by issue of form RT3177 Tokenless block lines – Failure of signalling equipment .as
       shown in Module P2 – Woking single and bi-directional lines by pilotman.
       The Driver must complete form RT3177 when the circumstances are dictated by the Dorchester South Signaller and
       repeat the details back to the Signaller. The Signaller will then authorise the Driver to enter the section.
       Down trains - On arrival at Dorchester West, the Driver must immediately write the word “Cancelled” across the front of
       form RT3177. On arrival at Weymouth the Driver must give the cancelled form to the person in charge of the station.
       Up trains - On arrival at Maiden Newton, the Driver must immediately write the word “Cancelled” across the front of form
       RT3177. On arrival at Yeovil Pen Mill the driver must give the cancelled form to the Signaller.
                                                           Dated: 09/06/12

       SW180 - RAYNES PARK TO HORSHAM
       EPSOM

       4-car and 8-car stopping marks are provided in the Down and Up sidings as an indication that an in going movement of
       the respective length is clear of all points leading to the running lines. They do not apply to movements into these sidings
       for berthing. A stopping mark is provided at the country end of both sidings, at which the first berthing movement must
       stop. All following berthing movements must draw up in close order leaving the maximum room for other movements to be
       made.
       The Driver of a train from the down or up sidings must ask the Signaller for permission to draw up to the position light
       signal at the London end of the sidings. The Driver must operate the 'Train Ready To Start' plunger when ready to leave
       the siding.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06




       December 2009                246
