Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3




SW115 - WORTING JUNCTION TO EXETER ST. DAVIDS
SALISBURY

Movements on the reception siding
The Signaller is designated as the person in charge for movements over the Reception siding.
The driver of any stationary train in the Reception siding which is NOT stood at SY231 or SY224 signals, must obtain
permission of the Salisbury signaller before movement of that train commences towards either signal SY231 or SY224
signals unless either signal is already showing a proceed aspect for that movement.


Salisbury Station Area - Shunting Movements
Before a shunting movement is made in the station area or, to or from the Traincare depot, the Driver must contact the
Signaller for information as to the movement’s route and destination and, if applicable, the service which it is to form.
Where provided, the driver must be registered on the GSM-R radio for all movements. In the case of a movement from the
Traincare depot, the shunter must telephone the signaller and advise them of the train ID/departure time & formation of all
outgoing movements so that the signaller can then input the train ID into SY232 berth so that the Driver can register the
GSM-R. The Shunter will authorise the Driver to proceed as far as Signal SY232 at the Depot exit, where the Driver will
register the GSM-R radio and liaise directly with the Signaller regarding the destination of the unit.
All movements signalled via the East end of the station must proceed beyond and stop clear of position light signal SY217
or SY215 in preparation for the next movement. If the movement is to form the front portion of a service, the Driver must
position it as indicated on the platform edge; all other movements must be positioned at the appropriate car stop mark.

Salisbury All Platforms
Guards are authorised to operate the ‘Train Ready to Start’ (TRTS) plunger instead of the person in charge of the
platform.
The TRTS must be operated at least 60 seconds prior to the departure time of the train when the platform starting signal l
has not been cleared.
The TRTS must also be operated when the signaller has been previously advised a train is being delayed when the
following apply (providing the train is ready to depart).
After Fitter’s work has been completed
After short notice traincrew changeovers.
After agreed connections have been made


Rail movements to and from Salisbury Depot
Movements to and from the depot are controlled by Salisbury signal box (SY). Entrance to the depot is authorised by the
clearance of signal SY231 after the Depot Shunter has given his permission by means of the acceptance switch which will
allow one inward movement. If a shunting movement is to be made onto the Depot Reception or headshunt the Shift
Supervisor of the depot must first advise the Signaller. Because of the danger of possible unauthorised use of the
Shunter’s acceptance switch, whenever the switch is operated the Signaller must speak to the Shunter before clearing the
route.


                                                                                                         Dated: 07/05/16

SW115 - WORTING JUNCTION TO EXETER ST. DAVIDS
Quidhampton Siding

A Shunter must accompany all movements.
Inwards movements will be authorised to pass the “Stop” board located before the private conpany sidings after
permission has been obtained from the Person in charge.
                                                                                                         Dated: 27/09/08




December 2009                                              233
