Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2



SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
PRESTON PARK To BRIGHTON

In emergency, or when specially authorised, passenger trains may be routed via the carriage road and/or carriage road
south. Unless the arrangements have been published by Special Notice the Signaller will arrange for Drivers to be
advised of the circumstances.
A Handsignaller will not be provided and Drivers are authorised to depart from Preston Park or Brighton on clearance of
the position light signal associated with the platform starting signal.
Train speed must not exceed 15 mph.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06
SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
BRIGHTON
Wall Sidings
Entry to and exit from these sidings is controlled by Three Bridges Area Signalling Centre.

A Driver will be in control of moves who must be contacted through the Brighton station Control Point.

                                                                                                                Dated: 20/09/08
SO510 - LONDON BRIDGE TO EPSOM DOWNS
London Bridge Station Platforms 10-15
Station staff may commence the train dispatch procedure as soon as the platform starting signal is showing an ‘OFF’
indication on the ‘Person In Charge Of Dispatch’ indication panel.
London Bridge Station Platforms 10, 12, 13, 14 & 15
Each platform starting signal (with the exception of platform 11), has been fitted with a TPWS (OSS) which is located
approximately 51 metres on the approach to the platform starting signal. The TPWS (OSS) is set to 0mph speed and is
designed to activate if a short formation train starting from the bufferstop approaches the platform starting signal at
danger. If a driver of a train is authorised by the Signaller to draw up to or pass the platform starting signal at danger, the
driver must operated the trains TPWS Override button before passing over the TPWS (OSS).
                                                                                                             Dated: 29/12/2014
SO510 - LONDON BRIDGE TO EPSOM DOWNS
LONDON BRIDGE
Referring to the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 20.4, locomotives must not closely follow trains departing from dead end
platforms unless the Signaller’s permission has been obtained.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/12/13

SO510 - LONDON BRIDGE TO EPSOM DOWNS
LONDON BRIDGE To Bricklayers Arms /Uttley Junction

Working of trains over bi-directional lines between London Bridge and Bricklayers Arms/Uttley
Junction during a failure of signalling equipment

Failure of Signals
In the event a signal fails affecting a bi-directional line listed below, the Signaller will authorise trains to pass the affected
signal(s) at danger in accordance with the Rule Book, Module S5, and working by pilotman will not be introduced.
Failure of Track Circuits
In the event a track circuit fails affecting a bi-directional line listed below, after clearing any trains trapped by the failure,
the Signaller will elect a single direction for which all subsequent trains will pass over the bi-directional line for the duration
of the failure and working by pilotman will not be introduced.
If it is necessary to work trains in the direction opposite to that elected, Working by Pilotman will be introduced for all trains
over the affected portion of line.




December 2009                                                   341
