Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2



SO510 - LONDON BRIDGE TO EPSOM DOWNS
Norwood Down Yard
Goods Road – Electrified Siding
The Windmill Bridge Junction end of the Down Yard has been electrified to enable 12 coach trains to recess. Trains will
normally recess during times of perturbation or late running only. To enable Drivers to change ends safely, short
platforms and suitable lighting have been provided.

There is no authorised walking route to/from the siding, as it is not the intention to berth traffic for a long period of time.

The electrified siding is under the control of the Signaller at Three Bridges Signalling Centre.

The electrified siding will be protected under Rule Book Handbook 13 for engineering work.

                                                                                                               Dated: 11/06/11
SO510 - LONDON BRIDGE TO EPSOM DOWNS
EPSOM DOWNS
The Driver must operate the ‘Train Ready To Start’ plunger whilst changing cabs.
                                                                                                               Dated: 02/12/06
SO510 - LONDON BRIDGE TO EPSOM DOWNS
Up Sussex Loop

Where empty coaching stock movements are using the Up Sussex Loop to reverse, 4-car, 5-car, 8-car, 10-car
and 12-car stopping marks are provided to indicate that the respective movement is in clear of the main line
and associated points.
The Driver of a train involved in permissive working must inform the signaller that the train is at a stand, the
length of the train and the stop car mark the train is stopped at, as soon as the movement has been
completed.
                                                                                                  Dated: 29/12/14

SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
HORSHAM
When trains are required to shunt via the Up line (towards the Limit Of Shunt) or Up Siding South the Signaller must not
operate the signal for the movement to commence until the Driver has been informed of the route to be used, using the
telephones at the country end of the Platforms.
The Signaller must again inform the Driver if the route has been altered for any reason.
If the Driver of any train booked to shunt at Horsham, except for those booked to the Malthouse Siding, should receive a
signal to shunt via the south end without being informed of the route, he should not accept the signal until he has
contacted the Signaller for clarification.
The Driver of a train or the Person in Charge of the movement from Malthouse siding must ask the Signaller for
permission to draw up to shunt signal No.54.
                                                                                                               Dated: 02/12/06

SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
ARUNDEL
Traincrew of down trains which terminate must operate ‘the Train Arrived Complete’ plunger.
                                                                                                               Dated: 02/12/06

SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
FORD
Up passenger trains are authorised to start from the down platform. A Handsignaller will not be provided and Drivers are
authorised to proceed when position light signal 53 is cleared. The instruction “Starting of passenger trains where no stop
signal is provided” in Section 3 is modified accordingly.
                                                                                                               Dated: 02/12/06



December 2009                                                  344
