Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Electrically released ground frames
On arrival of a movement requiring the use of the ground frame, the person in charge must reach a clear understanding
with the Signaller as to:
•   What movements require to be made
•   Whether or not the train is to be shut in at the siding; if the train is shut in at the siding, the person in charge must
    confirm to the Signaller that the train is clear of the running line before restoring the ground frame to normal.
The person in charge must then ask the Signaller for the ground frame to be released.
The Signaller will advise the person in charge when the release has been operated. Where a visual indication is provided
at the ground frame, the person in charge must ensure that a ‘free’ or ‘release’ indication is displayed before operating any
switch or lever.
NOTE: A time delay may occur before the release becomes effective.
         When he is satisfied that the release has been given, the person in charge must operate the release switch or
         lever to the 'free' position which will allow the points to be operated.
At ground frames equipped with point indications, the position of the points need not be checked before a movement is
made over them provided the appropriate normal or reverse indication is illuminated and, where provided, the signal
controlling movements over them is cleared. Such signal must not be operated until the point indication is correctly
illuminated.
When the shunting has been completed the person in charge must ensure that the normal point indications, where
provided, are illuminated before replacing the release to normal.
The Signaller must then be advised, whereupon he will cancel the release and advise the person in charge that this has
been done, after which normal working may be resumed.
Should a point indication not become correctly illuminated within approximately 15 seconds of the switch being operated,
and a signal worked from the ground frame is provided, the points must be examined. If they are in the correct position
and it is possible to clear the signal, the person in charge may assume that the indication has failed and the movement
may proceed. When this is not possible or where no signal is provided, no movement must be authorised and the person
in charge must advise the Signaller and act on his instructions.
The person in charge must not authorise a movement to pass a signal at danger without the Signaller’s permission.
Before giving permission, the Signaller will require confirmation as to whether or not the point indication is correctly
illuminated.
Failure of any equipment must be reported to the Signaller. If it is necessary for any points to be manually operated the
procedure in the instruction headed ‘Clipped and padlocked emergency crossovers’ must be observed.
If the points are worked by levers the person in charge MUST ensure that all levers are secured in the normal or reverse
position by the catch being firmly down in the notch of the frame.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Empty Eurostar trains running to and from north of
London
These trains will carry a 9 classification and be identified as empty by the last two digits of the train description being
allocated from within the series 50 to 59.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                  91
