                                                          OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
BASINGSTOKE

Locomotive-hauled passenger trains from the Reading line
Drivers must stop at the platform in the Down Direction, with the leading cab opposite the 12-car stopping mark unless the
train is completely clear of the junction before the stopping mark is reached.
Up Branch siding
Before movements are made from any siding towards BE540, the Signaller's permission must be obtained. .
                                                                                                           Dated: 27/09/08

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
Micheldever Oil Terminal

Before any movement is made over the footpath level crossing leading to the station subway, the Shunter or person in
charge must close and lock the subway door and secure the gate so as to prevent the crossing from being used.
Application of hand brakes at oil/chemical depots/sidings
Clauses D3.3, D4.2 (b) and D5.1 Pink Pages, refer, handbrakes must be applied on each group of wagons left in the
undermentioned sidings as follows:-
Micheldever 3 wagons, including reach wagon, nearest to locomotive.
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
SHAWFORD
CLASS 444/450 POWER REDUCTION BUTTON
UP SLOW LINE – SHAWFORD
Until further notice Drivers of trains formed of 9, 10 or 12 car Class 444/450 multiple units must use the Power Reduction
button when starting away from signal E372 on the Up Slow line at Shawford.
Due to limited power supply in this area, Drivers of the above trains that are stopped at Signal E372 must press the Power
Reduction button and check that it illuminates before starting the train again. This will limit traction power to 50%.
The PBC can then continue to be used in the normal way.
Upon arrival at or after passing Shawford station, Drivers must move the PBC to OFF, press the Power Reduction button
and check that it extinguishes.
The train can then continue as normal.
Note: The Power Reduction button must not be operated before the train comes to a stand at Signal E372.
                                                                                                           Dated: 12/09/15

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
EASTLEIGH
Propelling trains from Up Fast line to carriage sidings
Up trains which are to be propelled into the carriage sidings must be brought to a stand clear of Up Fast line position light
signal 222. When, due to the length of the train, the Driver is unable to clearly see position light signal 222, he must
continue towards London to the approach side of repeating position light signal 222R and stop when he can see the
aspects displayed.
During the movement the Guard, if provided, must remain in the rear cab of the locomotive and assist the Driver in
observing any handsignals as the train enters the sidings.
Former Locomotive Holding sidings (No.s 8 to 11 Back roads)
Inwards movements must be made via the spur line from the Down Carriage sidings, proceeding over the spring points
before setting back into No.8, 9, 10 or 11 Back road.
Outwards movements must not be made over the Spur line, except in exceptional circumstances, when the Carriage
Sidings Shunter must authorise and accompany all movements between the spring points and position light signal 225.
Movements departing from the Down Carriage sidings via position light signal 225 must be brought to a stand clear of the
connection to the Spur line to the Locomotive Holding sidings.
Conveyance of military explosives
Clause C1.5 (e), Pink Pages, refers. Conveyance of military explosives between the locations shown below in either
direction may be regarded as trip working and barrier vehicles may be dispensed with:
Eastleigh and Marchwood
                                                                                                           Dated: 02/12/06
December 2009                                                233
