                                                         OFFICIAL



Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Rule Book Module M3 – Managing incidents, floods and
snow
Section 5 - Snow
Snow clearance – general
Snow clearance duties may be undertaken by diesel locomotives (normally classes 33, 37 and 60) fitted with miniature
snow ploughs subject to the restrictions shown in the route availability tables of this appendix.
Drift ploughs
All drift ploughs have triangular configuration of lamp brackets in accordance with gauging requirements. Two white lights
must be displayed at the front of the leading plough (but during ploughing these may be removed if they are likely to
become damaged or displaced).
Miniature snow ploughs operating on electrified lines
Class 60 diesel locomotives must have the plough set and locked in the raised position.
All other locomotive classes must have the outer blades of the plough set in the highest position and clearance between
the blades and the running rails must not be less than 6” (152mm).
Additional instructions for Beilhack PB 600 ploughs
The snow blower is permitted to run over all running lines on the Network Rail Kent, Sussex and Wessex Routes EXCEPT
the following:-
    1.   Bickley Jn and St Mary Cray Jn (slow lines)
    2.   Canterbury Road Jn and Shortlands Jn via Catford
    3.   Clapham Jn Station (up loop line)
    4.   Clapham Jn Station (exclusive) and Point Pleasant Jn
    5.   Farringdon Jn and Blackfriars
    6.   Folkestone East and Folkestone Harbour
    7.   Waterloo and West London Jn (all lines)
    8.   Wimbledon and Byfleet Jn (up slow line)

Section 6 - Independent snow ploughs
Side flaps, spade plates and skids
The person in charge of work on railway infrastructure is responsible for allowing the spade plates or retractable flaps (or
both) to be lowered or brought into the operative position when required and accompany the ploughs at all times to identify
any location(s) where this equipment must be retracted.
                                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 07/07/12




Rule Book Module OTM - Working of on-track machines
(OTM)
Section 3 Clause 3.3 Passing over level crossings
All Automatic Half Barrier Level Crossings (AHBC) located within the Kent, Sussex and Wessex Routes are equipped with
treadles.

                                             South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 11/06/11




December 2009                                               18
