Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Clipped and padlocked emergency crossovers
1.   These crossovers are normally clipped and padlocked out of use. The keys of the padlocks must be kept securely at a
     location so that they are readily available in an emergency. The points and clips must be maintained so that they are
     available for instant use.
2.   Before a crossover is used the Signaller and the person in charge must come to a clear understanding as to the
     movements to be made. The protecting signal on each line and, in Track Circuit Block areas, the signal next in rear if
     the crossover is within the overlap of the protecting signal, must be placed or maintained at danger until the points are
     again clipped and padlocked out of use and normal working is resumed. Signal post replacement switches must be
     operated as directed by the Signaller and an assurance given to the Signaller that the signals are displaying a red
     aspect.
3.   Alteration to the position of the points must only be made under the authority of the Signaller who must be advised
     when the points have been secured in the required position. Movements over the crossover may only be made under
     the Signaller’s authority.
4.   If the crossover is within the overlap of the protecting signal or, in Absolute Block areas, within the clearing point
     ahead of the home signal, movements towards that signal must not be permitted unless the crossover is secured in
     the normal position and the line is clear to the overlap or clearing point. The crossover must remain secured in the
     normal position until the movement has passed clear of the crossover or has been stopped at the protecting signal.
5.   When it is agreed with the Signaller that the crossover is no longer required for use the person in charge must ensure
     that it is secured for normal working and replace signal post replacement switches to the ‘Auto’ position as instructed
     by the Signaller.
NOTE: The above instructions will not apply when a crossover which is to be used for engineering purposes, is wholly
      within a section of line under absolute possession in accordance with the Rule Book, Module T3 and Rule Book
      Handbook 11.
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 11/06/11


Communication with crews of International Passenger
and ECS trains
Staff (e.g. Pilotmen) requiring to speak with crew members of an International Passenger or ECS train are reminded that
English may not be their first language. Care must therefore be taken when conversing with them that a full and clear
understanding is always reached.
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Conveyance of coaching stock by freight trains
The term ‘coaching stock’ includes service department (ex coaching stock) vehicles.
Four-wheeled vehicles with a wheelbase of less than 15 feet (4.572 metres) must not be intermixed with bogie coaching
stock.
Electric traction coaching stock must not be conveyed by freight train unless specially authorised by the Route Operations
Manager and appropriate TOC/FOC.
Non-electric traction coaching stock may be conveyed without special authority.
                                              South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                82
