                                   OFFICIAL




       SO590 - KEYMER JN TO EASTBOURNE
       LEWES

       In emergency, or when specially authorised, passenger trains from Haywards Heath to Brighton and vice-versa may be
       diverted via, and reverse, at Lewes. Unless details have been published by Special Notice, the Signaller must arrange for
       Drivers to be advised of the circumstances.

       DOO(P) trains.
       DOO(P) trains must not serve Lewes station unless it has been arranged for platform staff to be positioned adjacent to the
       driving cab to relay the “close doors” and “ready to start” signals to the Driver, and a special stop order has been issued.

       All trains.
       After arrival in the Down Lewes, Down East Branch, or Loop platform line and, when applicable, after completion of station
       duties the train must continue to the appropriate 4, 8 or 12-car stopping mark on the Southerham Junction side of position
       light signal 58. This movement must be driven from the leading cab.

       The Driver must change ends by walking through the train and using the ground level walking areas to pass between cabs
       of non-gangwayed units. A Handsignaller will not be provided to control the subsequent movement to the Up Lewes, Up
       East Branch or Loop platform line. Drivers are authorised to proceed when position light signal 58 is cleared.

                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SO600 - WILLINGDON JN TO ASHFORD
       HASTINGS To ORE

       A train must not be propelled, nor may a shunting movement be made, on the up line between signal EDL11, and the
       ‘Limit of shunt’ indicator at Ore. A train must not be propelled in the right direction on the down line between signal EDL83
       and the inner home signals.
                                                           Dated: 02/12/06

       SO600 - WILLINGDON JN TO ASHFORD
       Mount Pleasant Tunnel

       Mk 1 and Mk 2 stock only (former slam door) are subject to codeword OPPOS through Mount Pleasant Tunnel in both
       directions.
                                                           Dated: 24/05/08

       SO600 - WILLINGDON JN TO ASHFORD
       ORE To APPLEDORE

       Tokenless Block Working
       Trains may be authorised to proceed by means of a written order as shown in the Rule Book, Module P2, Section 5
       ‘Modified Working Arrangements’.
       The written order will be issued to and given up by the Driver as follows:
       1.Trains travelling from Appledore to Rye
         When the train arrives at Appledore the Driver will be advised by the Signaller at Ashford IECC the signalling
         equipment has failed and that he must complete a written order as authority to proceed. The Driver must complete
         the order at the dictation of the Signaller. The order forms are kept in a cabinet near signal AD897. The order must
         be given to the Signaller at Rye.
       2.Trains travelling from Rye to Appledore
         The Signaller at Rye will issue a written order to the Driver. The Driver must advise the Ashford Signaller of his arrival
         at Appledore. The Ashford Signaller will instruct the Driver to write ‘cancelled’ across the written order which must be
         retained by the Driver and handed to his supervisor at the end of his turn of duty.
       3.Trains travelling from Rye to Ore
         The Signaller at Rye will issue a written order to the Driver. The Driver must advise the Hastings Signaller
         of his arrival at Ore, signal EDL83. The Hastings Signaller will instruct the Driver to write ‘cancelled’
         across the written order which must be retained by the Driver and handed to his supervisor at the end of
         his turn of duty.




       December 2009                350
