Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2




SO170 - TONBRIDGE TO BO PEEP JN
Mountfield Tunnel
Single and bi-directional (reversible) lines - working by pilotman
The instructions shown in the Sectional Appendix, section 1 ‘Single and Bi-directional lines – Working by Pilotman’ do not
apply at this location; the following specific instructions apply instead:
Should there be a failure of a track circuit on the double line sections of railway between:
•   Down line RB17 signal to RB16 signal
•   Up line RB6 signal to RB2 signal
Working by Pilotman need not be introduced, but the signaller must advise the driver of the circumstances and instruct him
to pass the signal at danger and to proceed cautiously over the affected portion of the line, in accordance with the Rule
Book Module S5.
Should there be a failure of a track circuit on the single line section (including the points each end) then working by
Pilotman must be introduced.
Once working by Pilotman has been introduced, it must not be withdrawn until after the failure has been rectified, or the
service withdrawn. If it is necessary to run trains after the withdrawal of Pilotworking, and the original fault still exists, then
Working by Pilotman must be re-introduced for every train.
The Rule Book, Module P2, Section1 ‘Working of single lines by Pilotman is modified accordingly.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06


SO180 - PADDOCK WOOD TO MAIDSTONE WEST
Yalding LC (ABCL)

If the flashing Drivers lights situated on the approach to this crossing fail to start automatically, or if they stop because of a
delay to the train, the Driver must depress the plunger provided beneath the flashing light.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06


SO210 - APPLEDORE TO LYDD TOWN (GOODS LINE)
Lydd Town LC (TMO)

The level crossing gates are normally closed and locked across the railway and a member of the DRS Traincrew or the
EWS Travelling Shunter must be in possession of the relevant key(s) prior to departure. After the gates have been
opened and secured across the roadway the Driver may be authorised to pass the ‘stop’ board and proceed over the
crossing. The gates must be closed and locked across the line when the movement has been completed.
The EWS Travelling Shunter and the DRS Traincrew must be in possession of emergency radio handset(s) for us on the
Lydd branch. In the event of accident, incident or other unusual occurrence the Traincrew or Travelling Shunter must
contact Workstation 3 Signaller at Ashford signalling centre on 00 78089.
                                                                                                                Dated: 20/09/08




December 2009                                                  327
