Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Scharfenberg match wagons
These match wagons will allow a locomotive to be coupled to a Class 373 unit. Each match wagon is a converted bogie
parcels van with the bodyshell removed and the underframe decked over with steel plates to hold concrete ballast. Both
ends of the vehicle are equipped with:- buffing gear, a draw hook (the screw coupling has been removed), a Scharfenberg
coupler, and hoses for the air brake and main reservoir systems. There are three lamp brackets on each buffer beam.
The match wagons are located at:-
         North Pole International Depot
         Dollands Moor Freight Operations Centre
A single match wagon is authorised to be propelled on Network Rail lines subject to the following conditions:-
    a)   An illuminated portable electric headlight must be conveyed on the leading buffer beam;
    b)   Not to exceed 75 mph;
    c) On the Wessex Route, a single match wagon is authorised to be propelled on lines where Class 373 units are
    permitted (with or without restrictions), also between Clapham Jct. and Longhedge Jn.
When moving a match wagon, the Scharfenberg couplers must always be in the raised position and only lowered when
being used to attach a Class 373 unit, another match wagon or a scharfenberg fitted locomotive. The lowering/raising of a
Scharfenberg coupler must only be carried out by staff trained in its operation.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Shunting
Where a forward movement has to be made prior to shunting back into another road, and owing to an accumulation of
crossings, the shunt signal for the latter movement is situated at a distance from the points to which it applies, the train
must always be run sufficiently far forward so that the rear vehicle clears the signal intended for the backward movement.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Shunt Moves (Out of Course Movements)
When a train is required to make an out of course shunt the Signaller must inform the Driver of the
circumstances.
Before any shunt move commences, the Signaller must advise the Driver of the moves required to enable the
shunt movement(s) to take place.
                                    South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 04/04/15


Siding buffer stop lamps
Generally lamps are provided only on the buffer stops of shunting necks and reception sidings. Lamps may also be
provided on the buffer stops of multiple unit berthing sidings where direct movements are made from the running line
which are not accompanied by a Shunter and where the buffer stops may not be clearly visible.
Where lamps are required, they must exhibit a red light. If, however, there is any possibility of a red lamp being
misinterpreted by Drivers on an adjacent running line, a white light must be used.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Signal passed at danger (SPAD) indicators
At certain locations an override plunger is fitted, and the Signaller will instruct the Driver, or Handsignaller, to activate the
plunger, operative for one movement only, before giving authority for the movement to commence. At certain locations the
override plunger is locked in a small cabinet which is locked with a BR1 key.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                 136
