                                                                OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1

Rule Book Module HB8 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line
Rule Book Module HB21 Safe work leader (SWL) blocking
a line
Section 2.4 - Using a track circuit operating device
Sussex Route

The use of an approved Track Circuit Operating Device (T-COD) is authorised throughout Network Rail Kent, Sussex and
Wessex Routes subject to the general conditions below and as shown in the following tables.
Note:      If a section of route or location is not shown in the left hand column, T-COD must not be used.
           Only the following T-CODs are currently approved for use on Network Rail Kent, Sussex and Wessex Routes. The
           COSS must state the type of T-COD to be used.
           Certificate of Acceptance Number PA05/361
           Type SAFE 7265 for Bullhead rails
           Type SAFE 7239 for flatbottom rails
           Manufacturer: Safetrack Baavhammer AB (May be identified as “TRACK WARNING”, ‘SAFETRACK SAFE’ or
           ‘TRACK’
           Certificate of Acceptance Number PA05/365
           Type CE59/BH - for Bullhead rails
           Type CE59/FB - for flatbottom rails
           Manufacturer: P&B Weir Electrical.
Track Circuit Operating Devices:-
•     may only be used by a person trained and certified competent in the use of the T-COD to be applied.
•     may only be used in areas where signals are controlled or maintained by the operation of track circuits.
•     must not be used on a track circuit affected by track circuit failures, broken rail or negative bonding defects or repairs.
•     must not be used on the approach to an OD, AHB ABCL or AOCL crossing
•     must not be applied between the signal protecting a CCTV or MCB crossing and the level crossing.
•     must not be applied in “fourth” rail electrified areas.
•     must not be applied where check or guard rails exist.
•     must not be applied where Yellow conductor rail shrouding is fitted.
Cautionary Notes:
•     Applying a T-COD near points may inhibit the use of some signalled routes which were not affected by the work.
•     Applying a T-COD on a section of line that becomes part of an overlap track circuit may inhibit the use of some signalled
      routes which were not affected by the work.
•     Applying a T-COD in an ar\ea where TOWS is fitted will prompt a continuous warning from the TOWS equipment.
If the application of a T-COD would actuate the annunciator for a level crossing, this must first be disconnected by the
Technician.
Routes and Locations on which T-COD can                Remarks
be used                                                (Locations/Sections where T-COD cannot be used)
(Subject to conditions as stated in Preamble)
 SO500 Victoria to Brighton
 Victoria to Brighton                                   Down Brighton Slow – TVC647 to T53
                                                        Up Brighton Slow – TVC676 to VC641
                                                        Down Brighton Fast – TVC645 to T51
                                                        Up Brighton Fast – TVC674 to VC642
    Selhurst to Gloucester Road Jn                      NIL




December 2009                                                     50
