Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2


SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
PURLEY

Trains Departing
Whenever shunting activities or marshalling takes place, the Shunter must make sure that position light signal 1098 is
showing a proceed indication. Following train preparation and a brake test the Shunter must make sure this signal is
displaying a proceed indication before instructing the driver to draw forward into the headshunt, clear of position light
signal 1097.

Before the train is ready to depart, the Shunter must advise the signaller of the train number, starting time and destination
of the train and that it requires to set back into the station he must also advise the signaller of the length of the train, the
signaller and Shunter will come to a clear understanding as to what platform the train will set back into and the Shunter will
then proceed to that platform.

When 1097 signal has been cleared the signaller will advise the Shunter via the SPT, the Shunter will then authorise the
driver via back to back radio to set back and advise the driver as to what platform the train will be setting back into.

If the train is to set back onto the down Caterham line (platform 6) the shunter must request that signal T167 (country end)
is cleared and when cleared advise the driver confirming that T167 has been cleared.

The Shunter must control the movement towards T167 signal then when the rear of the train is at T167 signal stop the
movement until he has walked down the platform ramp and over the road bridge to the 151/4 mile post from where he can
observe the rear of the train for the remainder of the movement.

When the shunter is in a position of safety at the 151/4 milepost he will then recommence the setting back movement and
the driver will stop the movement when the locomotive is an engine length in rear of T176 signal.

When the driver has stopped the train the Shunter must not authorise the train to depart until he has walked back to the
platform and is in a position of safety on the platform.
The Shunter must not walk over the road bridge in either direction whilst the train is moving.

If the train is set back into platform 5 the Shunter must request that signal T165 (country end) is cleared and when cleared
advise the driver, the Shunter must then control the movement of the train until the driver stops the train a locomotive
length in rear of T174 signal.
The Shunter will then authorise the train to depart once T174 signal has been cleared.

If the train is set back into platform 4 the Shunter must request that signal T163 (country end) is cleared and when cleared
advise the driver, the Shunter must then control the movement of the train until the driver stops the train 26 metres in rear
of T172 signal at the signage in the 4 foot instructing freight drivers to STOP at this point after exiting the headshunt, the
Shunter will then authorise the train to depart once T172 signal has been cleared.

Trains not under the control of a shunter
For all other movements the Driver must contact the Signaller when a train in ready to depart. The train must not,
however, be moved until position light signal 1097 has been cleared.

                                                                                                             Dated: 20/09/08

SO500 VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
Purley Junction

Due to the existence of conductor rail gaps through the junction at the London end of Purley station, drivers of
trains formed of a single 3 car unit must be reminded of the situation prior to passing through the area. Where
necessary, the train concerned should be amended to avoid the possibility of becoming electrically gapped.

                                                                                                             Dated: 12/03/16

SO500 - VICTORIA TO BRIGHTON
Stoats Nest Jn To EARLSWOOD

Trains signalled via alternative route
Drivers of up or down trains may accept a signal cleared for an alternative route without stopping to ascertain the reason
provided the train is not booked to call at any intermediate station on the scheduled route.
                                                                                                             Dated: 02/12/06



December 2009                                                338
