Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3

SW115 - WORTING JUNCTION TO EXETER ST. DAVIDS
Andover To Ludgershall

The ground frame lever (No.1) controlling the points leading to and from the Ludgershall single line at Andover is released
by an Annett's key which is kept locked in a box on a post adjacent to the ground frame. The key which is required to
open the box is a BR1 key.
For a movement onto the Ludgershall line the ground frame operator must hand the Annett’s key to the Driver.
NOTE: IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GROUND FRAME OPERATOR / NOMINATED PERSON IN CHARGE (see
table D page 138) TO CHECK THAT ALL HAND POINTS ARE IN THE REQUIRED POSITION BEFORE AUTHORISING
THE MOVEMENT.
For a movement leaving the Ludgershall line, the ground frame operator must obtain the Annett's key from the Driver and
when the train is clear of the Ludgershall line, withdraw the Annett’s key from the ground frame and secure it in the box.
Ludgershall Loop:
NOTE: Duties shown to be carried out by the Shunter in this instruction must be carried out by the Nominated Person in
Charge in the case of D.O. trains, light locomotives and other trains including MPVs operating over the branch line where
no Shunter is provided.
Inbound trains. After passing the `Check Hand Points` board the Shunter must check that the handpoints are correctly
set for the movement before proceeding towards the Stop Board on the approach to the MOD Depot end of the loop.
Trains for MOD Depot:
Before any movement passes the Stop Board `Await instructions from MOD control`, the Shunter must have obtained the
authority from the MOD control or the MOD Nominated Person in Charge.
When a locomotive that has worked a train to the Ludgershall Loop has been detached to proceed or has proceeded into
the MOD Depot, it is permitted on the authority of the Shunter for the MOD Depot locomotive to proceed when clear via
the other available loop line to the rear of the train, attach and propel the train into the MOD Depot.
Other Trains Reversing or Running Round Towards the MOD Depot Gates:
Before any movement passes the Stop Board `Await instructions from MOD control`, the Shunter must have obtained the
authority from the MOD control or the MOD Nominated Person in Charge. If this is not possible, then the Shunter in this
circumstance is permitted to check that the handpoints beyond the Stop Board are correctly set, confirm that no conflicting
movement is in progress and check the MOD gates are closed, then the movement is authorised to pass the Stop Board.
Outbound trains.
After passing the `Check Hand Points` board the Shunter must check that the handpoints are correctly set for the
movement before proceeding towards the Stop Board on the single line section towards Andover.
Only trains that the Driver is in possession of the `Annett’s Key` are authorised to pass the Stop Board and proceed over
the single line towards Andover.
Other movements, when for e.g. `Running Round` a train or the MOD Locomotive proceeding to the rear of a train on one
of the loop lines, are permitted to approach the Stop Board as far as the movement requires. NOTE: MOD Locomotives
are NOT PERMITTED beyond the Stop Board under any circumstances.
Berrys Foot Path Level Crossing - 5m 52ch:
When making any movements associated with the above instructions, Drivers and/or Shunter are additionally reminded to
apply the relevant rules, instructions and adherence to the warning signs provided when approaching and passing over
the level crossing.
                                                                                                           Dated: 30/05/20

SW115 – WORTING JUNCTION TO EXETER ST. DAVIDS
Fisherton Tunnel
Because of the distances between refuges, persons are prohibited from going on or near the line unless protection is
provided on one or more lines (as appropriate) by one of the following means:-
a)   protection in accordance with Handbook 8, Handbook 20 or under possession of the line for engineering work as
     shown in the Rule Book, Module T3;
b)   in emergency, blockage of one or both lines in accordance with the Handbook 2 or, if called to site by the Signaller,
     protection in accordance with Handbook 8;
c)   the presence of a disabled train in connection with which it is necessary to protect the line in accordance with the Rule
     Book, Module M1 & M2.


                                                                                                           Dated: 30/05/20



December 2009                                                237
