Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




Croydon Tramlink lines adjacent to Network Rail lines
between Birkbeck & Beckenham Junction and at
Wimbledon
General
There is no physical connection or signalling interface between Tramlink and Network Rail lines. Tramlink signals consist
of five white lights displayed either horizontally or vertically. These are only relevant to Tramlink Drivers. Tram Drivers
have radio contact with their control centre. In an emergency Tramlink Control can be contacted via the Victoria Signaller,
or on Tel. No 020 8689 5613
Tramlink lines are electrified on an overhead 750v dc system. No part of a person’s body, clothing or anything being used
must come within one metre of any live part of the live overhead line equipment.
Trams can travel at a maximum speed of 50 mph, but can stop within the distance that the driver can see to be clear.
Track circuit operating clips cannot be used on Tramlink lines and if it is necessary to stop trams Tramlink Control must be
contacted as shown above.
Tramlink staff do not have PTS certificates. Tramlink staff whose duties require them to go on or near Network Rail lines
will be in possession of a Tram Safety Awareness certificate and this is deemed to be equivalent to a PTS certificate.
Normal duties of Tramlink staff will not require them to go onto Network Rail lines.
Trams are equipped with amber hazard lights at each end and on the sides. In the event of an emergency the tram Driver
will switch on the hazard lights. If a tram with hazard lights flashing is observed this must be regarded as a potential
danger to Network Rail lines and staff must act in accordance with the Rule Book, Module TW1, Section 43.1 – 43.5.
At times blue flashing lights may be observed on Tramlink overhead line supports. These are only of relevance to Tramlink
staff.


Between Birkbeck and Beckenham Junction
If it is necessary for traincrew to work on the outside of the train adjacent to the Tramlink line, or if it is necessary to detrain
passengers the Signaller at Victoria must be advised and requested to make arrangements to stop Tram movements.
Work must not start until the Signaller has given an assurance that trams have stopped.
In addition to normal procedures unless there is immediate risk to passenger safety the Driver must seek an assurance
from the Signaller that trams have been stopped before passengers are detrained.
Staff must be aware that trams will not necessarily sound an audible warning to persons on or near the line. Staff must
not go on the Tramlink line except in an emergency.
Staff must also be aware that if a train and tram are approaching together they must not lie down between the lines (six
foot).
                                                South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 07/12/13




December 2009                                                   85
