                                                            OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2



SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
FARRINGDON To BLACKFRIARS (FTL)

ELR - MCL, FTN & HHH

Due to restricted clearances traincrew must not put their heads out of the train whilst passing over this route.

Owing to restricted ‘window box’ clearances along the route, passenger trains composed of stock with opening windows
(other than those of the “ventilator” type) are prohibited from traversing this section of track, except where special authority
is granted. When authority is granted for passenger trains the following conditions apply:

1.     The train running must be published in Special Traffic Notice.
2.     To mitigate the risk of limited clearances to passengers while passing through the tunnels along this route:
       a)     All passengers must be advised by public address and in writing not to lean out of windows;
       b)     The train must be staffed by a Train Manager and Stewards, who will be briefed by the Train Manager;
       c)     Prior to passing through the tunnels on this route, an announcement must be made using the public address
              system to instruct all passengers not to lean out of the windows during the passage of the train through the
              tunnels. Stewards must pass through all vehicles and repeat the instruction to all passengers.
                                                                                                                Dated: 25/06/11

SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
Smithfields Sidings

The walkway lighting is switched on by means of plungers, which staff must operate on arrival at the sidings (whether or
not the lighting is already on) or if the lighting switches itself off. The lighting will remain illuminated for approximately 20
minutes. The plungers are located at the buffer stops, at the 4-car stopping mark, and at signals VS3025/VS3029.
When changing ends traincrews must use the approved walkway.
When a train is ready to depart from the sidings, the Driver must operate the appropriate ‘Train ready to start’ plunger.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/11/11

SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
CITY THAMESLINK

Except in emergency, trains must not be divided.
A train (or portion there of) must not start away from the platform or move along the platform unless the appropriate signal
is showing a proceed aspect or the Driver has first obtained the Signaller’s permission.
A loaded passenger train for Farringdon, formed of 4 cars only and with more than one traction motor defective or isolated,
must not be restarted from a stand at Up line signal VS1054.
                                                                                                                Dated: 07/11/11

SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
CITY THAMESLINK To BLACKFRIARS

From City Thameslink to Blackfriars
A train with more than half the traction motors defective or isolated is not permitted to leave City Thameslink.

A train with up to half the traction motors defective or isolated may proceed but must be formed of at least 8 cars. In these
circumstances the Driver must advise the Signaller and arrangements will be made for the train to be given a clear run
from City Thameslink to Blackfriars.
When applying power either under normal conditions, or when there are defective or isolated motors in the formation,
trains must be driven in notch 4, subject to the observance of speed restrictions and signal aspects.

From Blackfriars to City Thameslink
If more than half the traction motors are defective or isolated a train booked to terminate at City Thameslink and return to
the Kent Route, must where possible be terminated at Blackfriars in the northbound direction.

                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                  331
