                                                           OFFICIAL



Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1


Rule Book Module M3 - Managing incidents, floods and
snow
Section 3- Bodies on the line
Operations controller contacting the police
A controller told about a body that is on or near the line must immediately tell the British Transport Police (BTP), find out
whether the BTP or another police force will attend and arrange the necessary examination of any traction unit involved
and make sure the BTP are told about this arrangement.
If there is likely to be excessive delay to trains, the controller must make sure that the local BTP head of operations is told
about the circumstances and asked to make sure the site is cleared as quickly as possible.
Arranging for the driver to be interviewed
The controller must arrange for the driver involved in the incident to be interviewed as soon as possible so that information
can be passed quickly to the police. To help the police decide whether a crime has been committed, the controller should
arrange for this interview to be held, or witnessed, by a police officer wherever possible.
Examining traction units
When a person has been struck by a train the train operations controller must arrange for a suitable test to be carried out
on the following items of train equipment including brakes, speedometer, horn and headlight.
It will not be necessary to arrange for the train to be taken out of service for this purpose unless the driver reports that any
of the above equipment is defective, or the police ask for this to be done.
The train involved must not be cleaned until the police give permission for this to be done.
Person in charge arriving at the incident site
The person in charge arriving at site must find out from the police whether the site is being treated as a scene of crime and
remind the police about the need to clear the line as quickly as possible to minimise delays to trains and draw their
attention to the consequences caused by long delays (including forced evacuation from trapped trains). The person in
charge must tell operations control about the circumstances and make sure the body is not covered over or moved until
the police give permission.

Train movement past a body
The person in charge must find out which lines are affected and authorise the signaller to operate trains as follows:

a) If the body is foul of any rail or conductor rail
The movement of trains on the affected line is not allowed.
b) If the body is in the four-foot but not foul of the line
The movement of trains on the affected line is not allowed, but the person in charge can allow the train involved in the
incident to move clear of the body if the police give permission.
c) If the body is not on or between the rails
When a body is between any two running lines, in the cess, on the line side, on a station platform, at a level crossing, the
person in charge can allow trains to move on the affected lines if there is enough clearance between the train and the
body, the body is covered or cannot be seen from passing trains and the police have given permission.
Train movement past body parts
The person in charge must find out which lines are affected and authorise the signaller to operate trains as follows:
a) Body parts that are not recognisable
If the remains are not recognisable as body parts, the person in charge may allow trains to move on the affected lines if
there is enough clearance between the train and body parts and the police have given permission.
b) Body parts that are recognisable
The person in charge may allow a train to pass recognisable body parts before they are covered over if they are in a
position where they would be seen only by the driver of a passing train (for example, when the remains are very close to
the line but not foul of it), and there would otherwise be excessive delays to services.
However, the person in charge can only do this if there is enough clearance between the train and the body parts, the
police have given permission, the driver of each train is told about the circumstances (and agrees to move the train.
Anybody involved must not attempt unreasonably to influence a driver to make such a movement.




December 2009                                                  16
