                                   OFFICIAL




       Running around a train in London Bridge platform 9
       Where an engineering train that is to be run round on the Charing Cross lines, will exceed the overall length of 24 SLU’s
       plus locomotive(s) (equivalent of 12 mk1 coach lengths) the train MUST use platform 9.
       Once detached from the train, the locomotive will run round the train/wagons via platform 8 and then signalled onto 7
       Reversible line behind signal TL2224.
       When the Locomotive has stopped behind TL2224 on line 7 Reversible, the driver must contact the signaller and request
       the adjacent line 8 Up to be blocked to enable the driver to change ends of the locomotive.
       The signaller will block the adjacent line 8 Up in accordance with General Signalling Regulations:
                 Line           From Signal    To Signal

                 8 Up             TL2028        TL2026


       The driver must change ends using the walkway between line 7 Reversible and 8 UP and when back in a position of
       safety on the locomotive; the driver must contact the signaller and give up the line blockage.
       Where both the train and locomotive will fit within the confines of Platform 9, the locomotive may be ‘called on’ to the train
       in platform 9. The train will start back on the authority of the Platform 9 starting signal TL2903 and/or any other instructions
       given by the signaller.
       Where the rear of the train/wagons being run round occupies track circuits HWG and/or HTM, the locomotive will be
       signalled onto the train/wagons using either TL2224 or TL2024 as appropriate.
       When the Locomotive is has stopped at the train, the driver will contact you and request the adjacent line 7
       Reversible/Platform 8 to be blocked to enable the Driver/Shunter to couple the locomotive to the train and change ends of
       the locomotive.
       You must block the adjacent line 7 Reversible/Platform 8 in accordance with General Signalling Regulations 13.1 between
       signals:
       Line                   From Signal  To Signal
       7 Reversible/Platform 8TL2224       TL2218

       Once the locomotive has been coupled and the driver/any other staff (shunter) involved, are in a position of safety on the
       locomotive/clear of the running lines, the driver must contact the signaller and give up the line blockage.
       The train will start back on the authority of signal TL2031.
       The driver must advise the signaller when the train is ready to depart, obeying the aspect shown on signal TL2031 and/or
       any other instructions given by the signaller.
                                                           Dated: 01/01/18

       SO130 - CHARING CROSS/CANNON STREET TO DOVER
       PRIORY/EUROTUNNEL INTERFACE (VIA TONBRIDGE)
       LONDON BRIDGE To NEW CROSS
       Working of trains over bi-directional/reversible lines between London Bridge and New Cross during a
       failure of signalling equipment
       Failure of Signals
       In the event a signal fails affecting a bi-directional/reversible line listed below, the Signaller will authorise trains
       to pass the affected signal(s) at danger in accordance with the Rule Book, Module S5, and working by
       pilotman will not be introduced.

       Failure of Track Circuits
       In the event a track circuit fails affecting a bi-directional/reversible line listed below, after clearing any trains
       trapped by the failure, the Signaller will elect a single direction for which all subsequent trains will pass over
       the bi-directional/reversible line for the duration of the failure and working by pilotman will not be introduced.

       If it is necessary to work trains in the direction opposite to that elected, Working by Pilotman will be introduced for all trains
       over the affected portion of line.




       December 2009                318B
