                                                            OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1



     •   Platforms 4, 5 or 6 are not long enough for a Class 465 Networker 12-car formation to be accommodated.
         Therefore no Class 465 Networker 12-car formation in passenger service should be routed into platforms 4, 5,
         and 6 under normal timetable and train regulation conditions.
     •   All Class 465 Networker 12-car formations will normally be routed on the Up & Down Charing Cross Slow Lines
         from Ewer Street Junction. Drivers are required to contact the signaller if a route leading to Platforms 4, 5 or 6 is
         set for a Class 465 Networker 12-car formation;
     •   If during planned degraded and emergency working, a Class 465 Networker 12-car formation needs to be routed
         into these platforms, then the train must have the last 2 coaches locked out of passenger service at Waterloo
         East.
     •   If a Class 465 Networker 12-car train is inadvertently routed in Platforms 4, 5 or 6 at Charing Cross, due to
         infrastructure or train failure or due to the error of signaller or/and the driver, the driver must, on the train coming
         to a stand, not release the doors and carry out the following actions:
               a.   An announcement must be made to all passengers that the train is not fully berthed in the platform and
                    that there will be a delay in opening the doors.
               b.   The driver, assisted if necessary by platform staff, must walk along the train and then open each coach
                    individually by the external local door release.
               c.   The passengers in the last two coaches must be verbally advised to walk through the train so they can
                    safely alight from a coach berthed in the platform.
                                                                              Kent / Sussex Route GI - Dated: 25/11/17

Sandite application and rail conditioning trains
1. Types of rail conditioning trains
       1.1 The Railhead Treatment Train (RHTT) consists of converted and specially-adapted wagons hauled by a
           locomotive at each end
         1.2 The Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) consists of a specially-built unit with driving cabs at each end.
         1.3 Where a DMU is used this consists of a specially modified class 117 or 121.
         1.4 All types of train carry out conditioning of the railhead during autumn by a combination of water jetting and
             the application of sandite traction gel.

2.   Speed
         2.1 The maximum speed of trains when water jetting and applying sandite is 60mph, except for the West Coast
             South route where the permitted speed is 60mph when water jetting only.

3.   Notices
         3.1 Notices will be produced detailing the locations where sanditing and water jetting will take place.
         3.2 Operations Control must advise signallers of any deviation from the railhead treatment plan which may be
             agreed to cater for exceptional circumstances or to treat a problem location not normally treated.
         3.3 Signallers must pass details of changes to the booked plan to the train if instructed to do so by Operations
             Control.

4.   Signalling arrangements
         4.1 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Jxx when operating
             water jetting-only diagrams.
         4.2 Rail conditioning trains will be described, where possible, by train description code 3Sxx when operating
             diagrams that apply sandite.
         4.3 Where train describers are not in use the rail conditioning train will be described by special bell signal or
             special Is Line Clear signal 3-4-2.
         4.4 All types of rail conditioning trains may be relied upon to operate track circuits whether applying sandite or
             not. When applying sandite, signallers must specially observe the passage of the train and the next train to
             follow over track circuits, where provided.
         4.5 Signallers must deal with any failure by the train to operate a track circuit correctly by immediately applying
             Rule Book Module TS11 regulation 14 and advising Operations Control of the failure. Rule Book Module
             TS1, Regulation 12 must be applied to all subsequent trains over the affected portion of line until at least
             2 trains have operated the track circuit normally.
                                                                                              National GI - Dated: 10/12/16




December 2009                                                 135
