                                                            OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2




SO310 - HITHER GREEN TO MAIDSTONE WEST (VIA DARTFORD)
NORTH HALLING CROSSING (RED/GREEN) 34 M 33CH

North Halling Use Worked crossing is provided with red/green warning lights.

In some instances when then crossing treadles have been activated by a movement within a T3 possession such as the
movements of RRV, OTM, Engineers trains or trolleys the warning lights will extinguish completely with no warning light
displayed.

Where a Rule Module T3 Possession of running line for engineering work, or a Line Blockage is taking place which
encompasses North Halling crossing the PICOP, COSS or PC must ascertain whether any activity has taken place that
could have caused the crossing warning lights to fail.

If there has been activity that has or could cause the crossing to fail the PICOP, COSS or PC must arrange for staff to
attend North Halling Crossing (R/G) to verify to the signaller at Cuxton that the warning lights are functioning correctly.


                                                                                                                Dated: 07/03/15

SO310 - HITHER GREEN TO MAIDSTONE WEST (VIA DARTFORD)
Allington Sidings

Trains for the sidings must be drawn forward to the special stopping mark, which consists of a white cross on a post.
Propelling movements into the siding are controlled by single aspect white lights, which are normally extinguished. Three
lights are located adjacent to the Up line, 12 feet above rail level. When the ground frame points are correctly set the
Shunter must operate plunger ‘A’ to illuminate the lights. Continuous illumination of the lights authorises the Driver to
propel into the siding. Should it be necessary to stop the movements the Shunter must operate plunger ‘B’ to extinguish
the lights. The Driver must keep at least one light in view until he comes within sight of the Shunter. If the lights become
extinguished during the movement, the Driver must stop immediately.
After correctly setting the points and closing the groundframe, the Shunter will operate plunger ‘C’ to illuminate the single
aspect white lights again, authorising the Driver to propel the train back along the Up Main line. The Shunter must stop
the propelling movement when it arrives at the point at which he will rejoin the locomotive. Before doing so he must
cancel the ground frame release and advise the Signaller if the train will not depart immediately.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06

SO310 - HITHER GREEN TO MAIDSTONE WEST (VIA DARTFORD)
MAIDSTONE WEST

Traincrew of down trains (from the Strood direction), which terminate in the Down Main platform (No.2) must operate the
‘Train Arrived Complete’ plunger, located on the platform.
                                                                                                                Dated: 24/02/07

SO320 - HOO JN. TO GRAIN (GOODS LINE)
Wybourne LC (AOCL)

If the flashing Driver’s Light situated on the approach to this crossing fails to start automatically, or stops because of a
delay to the train, the driver must depress the plunger provided beneath the flashing light.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06

SO320 - HOO JN. TO GRAIN (GOODS LINE)
Stoke LC (ABCL)

If the flashing Driver’s Light situated on the approach to this crossing fails to start automatically, or if it stops because of a
delay to the train, the driver must wait until the barriers are in the raised position and then depress the plunger provided
beneath the flashing light.
                                                                                                                Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                  334
