Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2



SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
HERNE HILL
Turnback Siding
Due to the gradient of the Siding it is necessary for drivers to stop the train at the appropriate stop car mark to make sure
the London End cab stops in the correct position.

Additionally only 1 train is permitted in the Siding at any one time.
                                                                                                            Dated: 27/09/08

SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
HERNE HILL
Platform 4
Only the following classes of trains are authorised to terminate in platform 4 to return towards London:-
375, 376, 377, 395, 465 or 466 & 700
The driver must not leave the train unattended except when changing ends.
Berthing of trains is not permitted.
                                                                                                            Dated: 26/01/19

SO280 - FARRINGDON TO HERNE HILL
Entire Line Of Route

The normal traction changeover point from AC to DC in the down direction (i.e. from St Pancras) will be Farringdon.

If the traction changeover fails, the driver must inform the signaller at Three Bridges Core South workstation before leaving
Farringdon. The train will be signalled into City Thameslink station using AC traction power so the driver can change ends
and be signalled back towards Farringdon.

The normal traction changeover point from DC to AC in the up direction (i.e. from Blackfriars) will be City Thameslink.

If the traction changeover fails, the driver must inform the signaller at Three Bridges Core South workstation before leaving
City Thameslink. The train will be signalled towards Farringdon station, or Smithfield Sidings using the DC traction power,
so the driver can change ends and be signalled back towards City Thameslink.

                                                                                                         Dated: 01/02/2017

SO290 - NORTH KENT EAST JN TO DARTFORD JN (VIA GREENWICH)
GREENWICH
Docklands Light Railway: Emergency Train Stop Button
Located at trackside adjacent to the Network Rail Up Line at the London End of Greenwich Station is a Docklands Light
Railway ‘Emergency Train Stop’ Button in a red box.
Activation of an Emergency Train Stop Button will remove the signalling tones in the immediate area and stop any trains
present. However the 750 Volt DC traction current is not affected and therefore the Conductor (third) Rail remains live.
Emergency Train Stop Buttons are also present on all DLR Platforms
It should be noted that activation of DLR Platform Passenger Alarm on the DLR platforms is only a communications link, it
WILL NOT stop DLR trains.
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/12/06




December 2009                                                 332
