                                                               OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW2



SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
CHICHESTER

When the yard is unstaffed, Guards must:-
1.        Berth their trains and operate hand brakes as necessary.
2.        Release the locomotive in conjunction with the Signaller.
3.        Authorise the driver to pass the ‘Stop’ board as necessary.
4.        Shunt, detach and attach wagons as necessary.
5.        Leave the yard points in position as directed by the Signaller.
A board and white light are provided adjacent to No. 1 up west siding and apply to movements in a westerly direction. The
board is worded “Stop. Movements along No. 1 siding may proceed when white light shows. For other movements
phone the Signaller”. Trains entering the up yard at the Chichester station end must stop at the board and, provided the
white light is displayed and the Signaller or Shunter has not given instructions to the contrary, may proceed along No. 1 up
west siding.
Movements must not pass the board if the white light is not displayed, or enter No. 2 up west siding from the Chichester
station end or proceed along that siding in the direction of Fishbourne Crossing, without the Signaller’s permission.
                                                                                                               Dated: 28/07/07

SO520 - THREE BRIDGES TO PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR
PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR

Platforms 3, 4 and 5 are restricted to 12 cars only and, if there are 12 cars, they must not consist of more than two trains.
Whenever trains are coupled or uncoupled in any platform, the Person in Charge of the platform must advise the Signaller
that coupling / uncoupling has taken place and the identity and formation of the trains standing in the platform.
                                                                                                               Dated: 02/12/06

SO540 - HURST GREEN JN TO UCKFIELD
ERIDGE

Spa Valley Railway operating over the former down line between Birchden Junction at 34M 56CH and Eridge
Station at 35M 53CH.
The Spa Valley Railway (SVR) runs between Birchden Junction at 34m 56ch and Eridge station at 35m 53ch over the
former down line which has been renamed to the Tunbridge Wells Line (TWL). The TWL runs adjacent to the Uckfield
single line between Birchden Junction and Eridge Station and is bi directional
T3 Possessions or line blockages shall be made through the normal Network Rail planning process, except where it is
necessary to take a T3 possession in an urgent situation or a line blockage is required that has not been possible to plan
using the normal planning process. In all cases, possession / line blockage arrangements shall then be applied as below.
T3 possessions on the Uckfield line or a line blockage requiring the TWL to be blocked to train movements.
Taking the Possession or Line Blockage
If a T3 possession, is required on the Network Rail Uckfield single line where it runs adjacent to the TWL, the TWL must
be blocked to train movements and the following instructions must be applied, similarly, if a line blockage is required on
the Uckfield Single Line that will necessitate a blockage of the TWL, these instructions must also be followed as far as
they apply to movements on the TWL.
Unless the TWL is already closed to train movements, the following will apply:
     1.     The signaller will contact the SVR Duty Manager (SVRDM) and request that the TWL be blocked to all train
            movements between SVR 901 and Eridge station.
     2.     The SVRDM must ensure the line is clear and arrange for the gate at Birchden Jn to be closed across the TWL . If
            a train is berthed on the buffer stops on the TWL in Eridge station, the SVRDM will arrange for not to go boards to
            provided at each end of the train or two red lights, flashing or steady after darkness or during fog or falling snow.




December 2009                                                     345
