Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW3




SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
BROCKENHURST

Platform 4 (Down Passenger Loop)
The normal stopping point for trains arriving from Lymington is the ‘S’ car stop mark in platform 4A approaching signal
BH8.
In the event that platform sharing with the Lymington service and a down train is required, the following will apply:
•   The Drivers of the trains concerned will be specially advised of the circumstances by the Signaller
•   The maximum formation of the down train must not exceed 5 coaches
•   The service arriving from Lymington must stop at the ‘Platform 4B’ stop mark
If platform sharing is to take place with two down trains (a follow on move), or the Lymington train is required to attach to
another train in the platform, the movement must not be allowed to take place until the Drivers of the trains concerned
have been specially advised of the circumstances, and it is confirmed that the two trains can be completely
accommodated on the platform.
Platform sharing must not take place (other than for assistance purposes) in the event of a track circuit failure within the
platform.
                                                                                                            Dated: 28/05/11

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
BOURNEMOUTH

Bournemouth middle sidings 1 & 2 - carriage servicing
A lock out device is provided for the protection of staff working on trains in these sidings.

Two keys are locked in the machine until a release is given.

Before work commences the person in charge will contact the Signaller and request the release of a key from
the machine. Provided it is in order to give the release, i.e. it is not necessary to allow another train into, or out
of, the sidings, the Signaller may give the release.

After the release has been given, and the member of staff has withdrawn a key, it will not be possible to route
a train into or out of either siding until the key(s) have been returned to the machine and the release button
normalised.

Drivers of trains in these sidings must obtain the Signaller’s permission before commencing any movement in either
direction.
                                                                                                            Dated: 27/09/08

SW105 - CLAPHAM JUNCTION TO WEYMOUTH
POOLE To WEYMOUTH

Electric trains are restricted between Poole and Weymouth as follows, the maximum train lengths for the line are:-
         4 car class 450
         5 car class 444
Additionally only one Class 73 locomotive on electric traction may operate between Poole and Weymouth at any time.
Any alteration to this instruction will be made by direct request from the WICC to the Eastleigh ECRO, who will, if
conditions permit, grant authority for the movement.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/04/14




December 2009                                                229
