Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1



Littlehampton and Ford
Barnham and Havant (Emsworth)
Keymer Jn. And Ore (includes movements reversing at Lewes on position light signal LW58)
Brighton and Lewes (includes movements reversing at position light signal LW58)
Lewes and Seaford
Latchmere No. 1 Jn to Clapham Jn
Latchmere No. 2 Jn to Clapham Jn
Note
The method of despatch of DOO(P) trains at Epsom, in the Up direction, will be by the use of CD/RA
indicators.
                                           South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 04/02/2017

Driver Only Operation (Passenger) - Cleared Routes -
Wessex
Emsworth to Southampton Central via Farlington Junction and Swanwick, including via Eastleigh
Havant to Portsmouth and Southsea/Portsmouth Harbour
Ewell East to Dorking via Leatherhead
Latchmere No.2 Junction to Clapham Junction
Longhedge Junction to Clapham Junction
Note
The method of dispatch at all affected locations for DOO(P) will be by the use of in-cab DOO monitoring equipment,
EXCEPT at Southampton Central where station dispatch staff will provide dispatch at cab.
At Havant, Bedhampton, Hilsea, Fratton and Portsmouth & Southsea low level platform 3 and platform 4 – will be by the
use of in-cab DOO monitoring equipment
At Portsmouth Harbour and Portsmouth & Southsea high level platform 1 and platform 2 Up direction – station dispatch
staff will dispatch using CD/RA
At Portsmouth & Southsea high level platform 1 and platform 2 Down direction – station dispatch staff will dispatch at the
driving cab using handsignals.
Rolling stock not equipped with in-cab DOO monitor equipment cannot call at any affected station without dispatch staff
provided at the driving cab in use, or without a conductor provided, in accordance with local station dispatch plan(s)
                                                                               Wessex Route GI - Dated: 04/02/2017


Dynamic Risk Assessment
Kent & Sussex Routes

This notice is to advise that Dynamic Risk Assessment process is authorised for use under trial conditions.
The purpose of DRA is to provide a continuous assessment of risk in the rapidly changing circumstances of an operational
incident, in order to implement control measures necessary to make certain of an acceptable level of safety.
Its application should be applied by operational management staff seeking to assess operational system risk, and identify
control measures that deliver a safety benefit in rapidly changing operational incidents affecting the normal operation of
the railway.
The Scope of DRA is currently restricted for trial purposes to London South Eastern route (Anglia, Kent Sussex), LNW
route, Scotland route and Western Route.
DRA can only be facilitated and implemented by those trained to do so.
                                                                          Kent / Sussex Route GI - Dated: 01/02/14




December 2009                                               89
