                                                           OFFICIAL


Kent / Sussex / Wessex Routes Sectional Appendix Module KSW1




UFM 160 Track Inspection and Analysis Vehicle
UFM 160 is an on-track recording machine used for the recording of track measurements, which consists of a two car
diesel unit. Each or the cars has a power unit, and the train is fitted with Cab Secure Radio. The train ID for this train will
always be 1Z98.
The train is allowed to travel at the relevant line speed whilst it is recording. It must not be diverted from the route shown
in the Working Timetable or Special Train running notice, unless authorised by Network Rail Control. In the event of the
unit failing, only trains fitted with a screw coupling are allowed to assist.
The train crew consists of a Driver, Operator and Train Captain. The Train Captain will consult with the Signallers and
Control regarding any defects found during testing, which require urgent attention.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 02/12/06


Uncoupling of trains
At locations where trains are authorised to uncouple and it is found that the connections are on the “offside”, the provisions
of the Rule Book, Module T10 / 6 – DP arranging to block an adjacent running line and Module TS1 / 13 – Safety of
personnel must be applied subject to the following modifications:
The person carrying out the uncoupling activity (who does not need to be a SWL/COSS/IWA) must tell the Signaller what
is happening and then arrange for the adjacent line to be blocked to allow the uncoupling activity to take place.
The signaller must provide protection as shown in Module TS1 / 13 – Safety of personnel.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI – Dated: 06/12/14


Vortok trackguard safety barrier
This equipment has been approved for use on the Kent, Sussex and Wessex Routes in AC, DC and non electrified areas.
The approval is currently for these Routes Only.
The Safety Barrier may only be erected by a competent person.
The SWL/COSS must make sure that the barrier is erected in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions and is clear
of gauge of any line open to rail traffic.
Each barrier clips under the bottom of the rail of the line open to rail traffic and can be adjusted for the purpose of setting
up a safe system of work using a safe barrier (fenced) as shown in Handbook 7 – General duties of a controller of site
safety (COSS) and Handbook 20 General duties of a safe work leader (SWL) working outside a possession.
The equipment is non conductive and provides a rigid barrier between persons working in a safe system of work using a
safety barrier (fenced) and any open line.
Persons on an open line requiring to pass through the barrier (e.g. in an emergency to reach a position of safety) should
push against the horizontal bars which will come out of their housings to permit access to the position of safety.
The bar if pushed from inside the safe system will not be dislodged from its housing.
If it has been necessary to breach the safety barrier the SWL/COSS must be told.
                                               South East (Kent, Sussex, Wessex) Territory GI - Dated: 06/12/14




December 2009                                                 141
