                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2

       EA1360 - DUDDING HILL JN TO ACTON WELLS JN
       Neasden Jn to Acton Canal Wharf
       Due to restricted clearances traincrew must not put their heads out of the train while passing over this route.
       Owing to restricted clearances along the route and in the vicinity of Bridge No.10 situated between 7 m 50 ch and the 8
       milepost, passenger trains composed of stock with opening windows (other than those of the “ventilator” type) are
       prohibited from traversing this section of track, except where special authority is granted. When authority is granted for
       passenger trains the following conditions apply:
       1.The train running must be published in Special Traffic Notice.
       2.The opposite line must be blocked to trains during the passage of the train between Neasden Junction and Acton
         Canal Wharf.
       3.To mitigate the risk of limited clearances to passengers while passing through Bridge No. 10:
         e) All passengers must be advised by public address and in writing not to lean out of windows;
         f) The train must be staffed by a Train Manager and Stewards, who will be briefed by the Train Manager;
         g) Prior to passing over bridge No 10, an announcement must be made using the public address system to instruct
            all passengers not to lean out of the windows during the passage of the train under the bridge. Stewards must
            pass through all vehicles and repeat the instruction to all passengers.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       EA1370 - GOSPEL OAK TO BARKING TILBURY JN WEST
       Barking Station Jn. To Barking Station platform 1
       In the event of a Train failing at Barking No.1 Platform. Working by Pilotman must be introduced between ‘Barking Station
       Jn and Barking No.1 Platform’.
       Working by Pilotman must be withdrawn when the train is required to assist the failed train in the platform.
       Rule Book, Module P2 – Working single and bi-directional lines by pilotman, is modified accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06




       August 2006                  339
