Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1




On-train emergency sanding equipment
Some trains are fitted with emergency sanding equipment which the Driver will operate when it is necessary to stop the
train in emergency or conditions of very low railhead adhesion.
Each driving cab carries one application of sand, and once the equipment has been operated from that cab, the facility will
not be available again until the containers have been replaced.
Driver’s Actions
When the emergency sanding equipment has been used, the train must be brought to a stand and the Driver must inform
the Signaller immediately and report the following:-
That the emergency sanding equipment has been operated.
The location where the equipment was discharged and the current location of the train.
If the signaller cannot be contacted immediately via the signal post telephone, CSR, or GSMR radio, the Driver must place
a track circuit operating clip on the line immediately in front of the train. To avoid delay, if the Driver alights to use a signal
post telephone, a track circuit operating clip should be taken as well.
The Signaller may instruct the Driver to place a track circuit operating clip on the line immediately in front of the train.
When the Signaller confirms that the train has been protected, the Driver must provide the following additional information:
Why the equipment was operated i.e. whether for a genuine emergency, system fault or operated in error.
The location of poor railhead adhesion (where applicable) which required the sander to be operated.
The units and vehicle number on which the sander was operated.
When the train is ready to proceed, the Driver must obtain the Signaller’s authorisation before moving the train. When a
track circuit operating clip has been used, the Signaller’s permission must be received before removing it from the line.
Signallers Actions
On receipt of a report from a Driver that the emergency sanding equipment has been operated on a unit, the Signaller
must immediately:-
Place or maintain the signal in rear of the train at Danger.
If the line on which the unit is standing is track circuited, confirm that the track circuit is showing occupied. Should the track
      circuit not be showing occupied and the signal in rear cannot be placed to Danger, instruct the Driver to apply a track
      circuit operating clip immediately in front of the train.
Advise the Driver when the train is protected and record the information provided (on Bi-directional lines, protection must
    also be applied to prevent the approach of trains in both directions).
When it has been ascertained from the Driver that the train is able to proceed, movements may re-commence. Where
applicable, the Signaller must instruct the Driver to remove the track circuit operating clip prior to the train proceeding. The
next controlled signal in rear of where the sander was operated must be maintained at Danger behind the first train to
proceed through the affected section, until the train has passed clear of the overlap of the signal in advance of where the
train stopped and occupied the track circuit ahead. The passage of this first train must be observed to ensure that track
circuits work correctly. This method of signalling shall continue until it has been ascertained that the track circuits are
working correctly.
Where poor railhead adhesion problems have been reported, the Signaller must also observe Rule Book, Module TW1 –
Preparation and movement of trains – General-, TW1 Section 28.1 - Experiencing exceptional rail head conditions
The Signaller must inform Network Rail Control giving details of the unit and vehicle numbers, train running details, time
and location of the incident and ensure that all details are recorded (train register/occurrence book) and complete a failure
to operate track circuit form if applicable.
                                                                                        Anglia Route GI - Dated: 07/12/13




August 2006                                                      27
