Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2

EA1325 - HIGHBURY & ISLINGTON TO NEW CROSS / NEW CROSS GATE
(ELL)
Entire Line Of Route

FAILURE OF GSM-R FIXED INFRASTRUCTURE EQUIPMENT
Between Whitechapel Station and the Transport for London/Network Rail boundary at Dalston Junction and South
of Surrey Quays Station
Driver awareness
In the event of a failure of the GSM-R fixed infrastructure equipment preventing driver to signaller communication and/or
vice-versa, trains may continue to operate normally over any affected line until the close of service the same day.
Where there would no train available to examine the line on an adjacent line in the event that a train became an unusually
long time in section, the signaller will request Operations Control to arrange for the train concerned to be accompanied by
a Competent Person before it is permitted to proceed.
Between Whitechapel Station and Surrey Quays Station
Driver awareness
In the event of a failure of the GSM-R fixed infrastructure equipment preventing driver to signaller communication and/or
vice-versa.
•   Operations Control will arrange for sufficient Competent Persons to be made available to accompany the driver of
    each train over any affected line within two hours of the original failure occurring
•   The Signaller will permit trains to continue to travel over any affected line without a Competent Person accompanying
    the driver of each train for a maximum period of two hours from the time the original failure occurred
The applicable arrangements above permitting trains to proceed over any affected line can continue to be applied until the
close of service the same day.
Exception
The signaller must request Operations Control to arrange for the train concerned to be accompanied by a Competent
Person before it is permitted to proceed if;
•   The time has not been reached whereby a Competent Person is required to travel on each train, and
•     There would be no train available to examine the line on an adjacent line in the event that a train was an unusually
      long time in section
If the failure has not been rectified by the start of service the following day, the signaller must ensure that trains are not
permitted to travel over any affected line.
                                                                                                              Dated: 01/01/11

EA1360 - DUDDING HILL JN TO ACTON WELLS JN
Neasden Jn to Acton Canal Wharf
Due to restricted clearances traincrew must not put their heads out of the train while passing over this route.
Owing to restricted clearances along the route and in the vicinity of Bridge No.10 situated between 7 m 50 ch and the 8
milepost, passenger trains composed of stock with opening windows (other than those of the “ventilator” type) are
prohibited from traversing this section of track, except where special authority is granted. When authority is granted for
passenger trains the following conditions apply:
1. The train running must be published in Special Traffic Notice.
2. The opposite line must be blocked to trains during the passage of the train between Neasden Junction and Acton
    Canal Wharf.
3. To mitigate the risk of limited clearances to passengers while passing through Bridge No. 10:
    c) All passengers must be advised by public address and in writing not to lean out of windows;
    d) The train must be staffed by a Train Manager and Stewards, who will be briefed by the Train Manager;
    e) Prior to passing over bridge No 10, an announcement must be made using the public address system to instruct
         all passengers not to lean out of the windows during the passage of the train under the bridge. Stewards must
         pass through all vehicles and repeat the instruction to all passengers.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06

EA1370 - GOSPEL OAK TO BARKING TILBURY JN WEST
Barking Station Jn. To Barking Station platform 1
In the event of a Train failing at Barking No.1 Platform. Working by Pilotman must be introduced between ‘Barking Station
Jn and Barking No.1 Platform’.
Working by Pilotman must be withdrawn when the train is required to assist the failed train in the platform.
Rule Book, Module P2 – Working single and bi-directional lines by pilotman, is modified accordingly.
                                                                                                              Dated: 05/08/06


August 2006                                                   339
