                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




       EA1530 - COLDHAM LANE JN TO HAUGHLEY JN
       NEWMARKET
       Multiple unit trains terminating at Newmarket station are authorised to return to the signalbox in rear. When a Down train,
       having terminated at Newmarket station is ready to leave in the Up direction, the Driver must, before departure, telephone
       the Signaller at Chippenham Jn. Accordingly.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06


       EA1540 - CHIPPENHAM JN TO ELY DOCK JN
       Chippenham Jn To Ely Dock Jn
       Newmarket Bridge level crossing (at 11m 75ch between Chippenham Jn and Ely Dock Jn) is a private user crossing and
       the gates are padlocked shut. The authorised user is the Middle Fen & Mere Internal Drainage Board and they will contact
       the Shift Signaller Manager at Cambridge to use the crossing.
       Network Rail Operations staff will unlock the crossing only when it needs to be used by road vehicles. Network Rail
       Operations staff will, before opening the gates to road traffic, obtain permission from the Shift Signaller Manager at
       Cambridge.
                                                           Dated: 07/06/08


       EA1560 - ELY NORTH JN TO PETERBOROUGH
       March South SB (MS)
       Movements into the Up Yard.
       When the signal is cleared for a train to set back from the Up Main line to the Up Sidings, or a movement is authorised
       from the Up Main line to the Up Reception line, the Driver is authorised to commence the setting back movement and the
       provisions of Rule Book, Module SS2, Section 4, Clause 4.1 is modified accordingly. The Driver must proceed cautiously,
       keeping a sharp lookout and be prepared to act on a handsignal when the Guard or Shunter comes into view.
       To assist drivers in setting back into March Up Yard, boards for 20, 30, 40, 50, 60 and 70 SLUs are positioned adjacent to
       the Up Main line.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06


       EA1560 - ELY NORTH JN TO PETERBOROUGH
       Eastlea WILD

       Wheel impact load detector (WILD) equipment is installed on both lines in the Eastrea area at 93m 60ch.
       The purpose of this equipment is to minimise the possibility of damage to track caused by wheel defects or overloaded
       vehicles and to provide details of all trains with wheel loads outside acceptable limits.
       It measures train / vehicle wheel loads and impact forces and is programmed to alert Anglia Route Control when Alarm
       levels are generated.
       The Network Rail Train Running Controller (Freight) must action the alarms generated by advising the Signaller(s)
       concerned that trains are to be brought to a stand using the normal signal sequence and further action will depend upon
       the level of alarm generated.
                                                           Dated: 29/07/18




       August 2006                  352
