Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1



    • Routes and                  • Remarks (to include any Locations/Sections where T-COD Cannot be used in
    Locations on which T-         Addition to those in Handbooks)
    COD can be used
    (subject to the
    restrictions stated in the
    remarks column)
                                  Up Bury line from signal 692 to 37 mile post and Down Bury line from signal 689 to 38 mile
    •  EA1530 Bury St.            post are prohibited.
    Edmunds to Haughley Jn.
                                  Down Bury line from 40 mile post to Haughley Jn. is prohibited.

    •    EA1580 Ely North Jn      Down Main: Signal EN8019 to signal HR3 are prohibited
    to Trowse Jn                  Up Main: Signal HR24 to signal CA808 are prohibited
                                                                                  Anglia Route GI – Dated: 16/02/2020

Handbook 8 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line / TS1 General Signalling Regulations
13.2.3
Protecting a stabled train on a platform line

A platform line on which a train is stabled may be blocked under the arrangements shown in this handbook, but only if
protection is provided to stop a train making an unauthorised movement.
When a platform line is to be blocked and a train is stabled on that line, the IWA, COSS or PC must place the following
train protection equipment on the train before allowing the work to start:


1. during daylight: a “NOT TO BE MOVED” board, or a red flag
2. during darkness, fog or falling snow: a red light (steady or flashing)


The IWA, COSS or PC must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
•       1. at the end from which the train is to be driven,
        or
•       2. at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end
The arrangements shall apply at the following locations
1. on platform lines at terminal stations
2. on dead end bay platforms at through stations
3. on running lines shown in “Stabling of trains” – within General Instructions of Anglia Route Sectional Appendix


Note:
Drivers are permitted to enter the driving cab for the purposes of preparing the train in accordance with their company
instructions.
Unless permits are issued, the traction current must always be treated as being live.



                                                                                   Anglia Route GI – Dated: 25/01/2020


Handbook 11 – Duties of the person in charge of the
possession
Section 4, Clause 4.1 – Confirming the details with the signaller
At terminal and bay platforms within the Anglia Route the signaller is permitted to grant possession to the PICOP when
the platform is occupied by an empty coaching stock train, provided that:




August 2006                                                    19
