                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2


       EA1390 - BARKING TILBURY LINE JN EAST TO PITSEA JN (VIA
       TILBURY)
       PURFLEET

       Purfleet Long Sidings (PLS) comprises of a single road siding divided into three sections and is provided with a
       combination of Signals and Stop Await Instructions boards in both directions.
       The three sections are known as:
         • The Spur - Situated at the London End, is the area between the buffer stops and UR1165 Ground Position Light
           signal
         • Jurgens Long Siding - The area between signal UR1166 (London End exit signal) and the Stop Await
           Instruction Board located immediately London side of hand points leading towards UR1176
         • Velacotts Long Siding – The area country side the Stop Await Instruction Board located immediately London
           side of hand points leading towards UR1176 to the country end buffer stops
       Where ever possible a Person In Charge must be provided.
       The Person in Charge (PIC) of the Long Sidings
       Trains scheduled to use the Purfleet Long Siding may have a nominated Person in Charge (PIC), who will take control of
       all movements to and within the Spur, Jurgens and Velacotts Long Sidings.
       The PIC must register with the Signaller when signing on duty before acceptance of any trains. The PIC and Signaller
       must reach a clear understanding as to the status of the Long Sidings including;
         • Whether each part of the Long Siding is clear or occupied, and
         • If occupied, the details of the train concerned, and its exact location.
       And agree the method of communication to be used. The PIC details must be recorded in the Signallers Train Register.
       When there is a PIC on duty, the Signaller must receive authority from the PIC before authorising any train or
       locomotive to occupy the Purfleet Long Siding.
       PIC going off duty
       Before the Signaller agrees to take over responsibility for the Purfleet Long Sidings, the Signaller and PIC must reach a
       clear understanding before leaving duty as to the status of the Long Sidings;
         • Whether each part of the Long Siding is clear or occupied, and
         • If occupied, the details of the train concerned, and its exact location, and
         • An assurance that the any Drivers already on the Long Sidings are aware that the PIC is leaving duty
       The Signaller must then record the PIC off duty, and the time in the train register.
       The PIC can only sign off duty with no more than one train or locomotive in each part of the Long Siding
       When there is no PIC on duty
       Before the Signaller can authorise any movement to either the Spur , Jurgens Long Siding or the Velacotts Long Siding,
       the Signaller must have confirmed the appropriate long siding to be clear. The Signaller must ensure that the Driver of the
       movement is advised that there is no PIC in charge, and is aware that only the Signaller can authorise movements to pass
       the Stop Await Instructions boards which divides Jurgens and Velacotts Long Siding and await further instructions from
       the Signaller or a PIC once they arrive on site.
       The Jurgens Long Sidings is only permissive for run-round locomotive moves to remove vehicles left on the
       siding.
       Vellacots Long Siding
       Any train departing Thames Matex Siding for the Vellacots Long Siding must first obtain authority from the Thameside
       Signaller. Under all normal circumstances Thames Matex trains destined for the Up Tilbury Main line must depart via
       UR1176 signal. Permission to depart via the Jurgens Long Siding will only be given by the Signaller in exceptional
       circumstances.
       Thames Board Mills, Deep Wharf and Jurgens Level Crossings
       Movements over the above crossings within the Purfleet Long Siding are controlled by Stop Boards with plungers and
       White Lights.
       In the event of a white light not being displayed for a train to proceed over one of these crossings after the plunger has
       been operated, the Shunter (Driver in absence of Shunter) accompanying the train must contact the Crossing Keeper
       concerned to find out if it is safe for the train to proceed over the crossing. In the case of Thames Board Mills, it is




       August 2006                  342
