                                   OFFICIAL
       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1




         • The train is berthed at the buffer stop end of the platform 1 and the pantograph has been lowered
         • The arrangements have been published with the possession details
         • There is an isolation of the overhead line on the Romford – Upminster branch, for the duration of the possession

       The signaller must confirm the arrangements with the PICOP before granting the possession

       Additional protection (stop boards and detonators) must be placed at 2219 B points

       The Rule Book, module T3 is modified accordingly.

                                              Anglia Route GI - Dated: 29/08/2015

       A.C. Electric Locomotives
       Class 86 locomotives or class 90 locomotives (fitted with current limiting devices) are the only A.C. electric locomotives
       permitted to work trains in multiple.
       When 2 or more class 86 or 90 electric locomotives are coupled together running as light engines or working a train, no
       more than 2 pantographs must be in the raised position.
       With the exception of the class 86 and class 90 locomotives (fitted with current limiting devices), all other A.C. electric
       locomotives must run with only 1 pantograph raised.
                                                Anglia Route GI - Dated:15/06/19


       ANIMALS ON THE LINE
       NOTICE TO TRAINCREW, SIGNALLERS AND CONTROLLERS

       Where the rules and regulations (General Signalling Regulation 18.2 and Rule Book Module TW1 section 20) require that
       trains be cautioned because of animals on the line, this procedure need not be applied providing that the animals are:

         • domestic, for example, dogs
         • deer
         • not more than six sheep

       However, drivers are still required to make an initial report of the animals being ‘on the line’ and maintenance response
       teams are mobilised to establish where the animals gained access to the line and where necessary effect repairs.

       Once a report is received from a driver, then a general call will be put out via GSM-R / CSR to all trains in the area,
       advising them of the approximate vicinity of the incursion and that they are not required to stop to report the incident.

       Drivers are advised that if they believe the safety of trains is at risk then they are instructed to carry out the relevant
       provisions of the Rule Book.

       SWANS ON THE LINE

       A train need only be cautioned for a swan on the line if the swan is reported to be within the “four foot” of the line
       concerned



                                                Anglia Route GI - Dated: 07/05/16



       Cab Secure Radio




       August 2006                   19
