                                                        OFFICIAL


Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2



EA1012 - IPSWICH TO TROWSE JUNCTION
IPSWICH
Static Changeover for Bi-Mode Units (BMU)
Signage for Class 755
New signage is being introduced; and example is shown for illustrative purposes only. This signage will only apply to
Class 755 trains. The signage is for Class 755 trains to PAN UP and PAN DOWN will be located alongside Stop Car
Marker Boards at each station.
The new signs and their meanings are shown below:
       Changing from Electric to Diesel:                     Changing from Diesel to Electric:




     This sign warns the driver that there is a           This sign warns the driver that there is a
      traction supply changeover from AC to              traction supply changeover from Diesel to
                       Diesel.                                              AC.
This signage has been introduced in the following Locations:
 Station Location            ELR              Platform(s)           Direction           Instructions
                                                                                          Applied

Ipswich                      LTN                  2-4                  Down          Diesel mode for
                                                                                     trains bound for
                                                                                     either Lowestoft or
                                                                                     Felixstowe
                                                                                     directions
                                                                                     (Pantograph
                                                                                     Lowered)
                                                                                                        Dated: 04/08/19

EA1012 - IPSWICH TO TROWSE JUNCTION
Ipswich Upper Yard

Working of Upper Yard
The person in charge of a movement into this yard must ensure that all the hand points are correctly set for the safety of
the train. When the train has been brought to a stand and no further movements are required to be made, the Signaller
must be advised accordingly. If it is necessary for any further movements to be made after this assurance has been given,
then the Signaller’s permission must first be obtained.
Working between Lower and Upper Yards
1. Freight trains in either direction between the Lower and Upper Yards must not exceed 864 metres (945 yards). When
   working other than a fully fitted train from the Upper to the Lower Yard, the person in charge must apply the hand
   brake sufficiently to keep the couplings tight.
2.   Trains must approach Ranelagh Road level crossing with caution.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/08/06

EA1012 - IPSWICH TO TROWSE JUNCTION
DISS
Headshunt adjacent to Up Main line
This headshunt has less than standard clearance from the Up Main line. A walkway has been provided along the full
length of the headshunt cess and staff on the ground must only work from the walkway. Staff must not walk between any
stationary vehicles on the headshunt and the Up Main line.
Stabling of locomotives, vehicles or self-propelled machines on the headshunt is prohibited.
                                                                                                        Dated: 05/08/06




August 2006                                                 323
