                                                         OFFICIAL


Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




EA1490 - CROMER TO SHERINGHAM
Entire Line Of Route
Working of trains to/from the North Norfolk Railway at Sheringham
Working by pilotman in accordance with Rule Book Module P2 ‘Working single and bi-directional lines by pilotman’ must
be introduced between Cromer and Sheringham to pass a train requiring to proceed to/from the North Norfolk Railway at
Sheringham. The pilotman must endorse his RT3154 form ‘In connection with: the passage of a train to/from the NNR’
and delete both (a) failure of signalling equipment and (b) working of trains to and from the point of obstruction. The
Pilotman must accompany the train.

Working of trains to the North Norfolk Railway at Sheringham
The pilotman must confirm with the signaller that the train can be accepted onto the North Norfolk Railway before
introducing working by pilotman between Cromer and Sheringham.

When working by pilotman has been introduced, and the pilotman has given the driver the necessary instructions, the
signaller must, where possible, clear the signal controlling the entrance to the Cromer to Sheringham single line.

When the train arrives at the stop board at Sheringham, the pilotman must remove the wheel stops on the Network Rail
side of the level crossing and tell the North Norfolk Railway person in charge of level crossing (PIC-LC) when this has
been done. The PIC-LC will close the level crossing to road traffic and remove the wheel stops on the North Norfolk
Railway side of the level crossing and give the driver authority to pass the stop board and proceed onto the North Norfolk
Railway.

The pilotman must tell the signaller when the train has arrived complete with tail lamp within the North Norfolk Railway
boundary and the wheel stops have been replaced and secured. Working by pilotman may then be withdrawn.

Working of trains from the North Norfolk Railway at Sheringham
When the PIC-LC tells the pilotman that the train is ready to depart and working by pilotman must be introduced between
Sheringham and Cromer.

When working by pilotman has been introduced, the pilotman must:
•   obtain permission from the signaller to remove the wheel stops on the Network rail side of the level crossing
•   arrange with the PIC-LC to close the level crossing to road traffic and remove the wheel stops on the North Norfolk
    Railway side of the level crossing
•   remove the wheel stops on the Network Rail side of the level crossing
•   obtain authority from the signaller for the train pass the stop board and proceed onto the Sheringham to Cromer single
    line
When the level crossing is closed to road traffic and both wheel stops have been removed, the pilotman may authorise the
driver to pass the stop board and proceed onto the single line within the Network Rail boundary, clear of the level crossing
and stop board.

When the train has arrived complete with tail lamp within the Network Rail boundary the pilotman must:
•   replace and secure the wheel stops on the Network Rail side of the level crossing
•   inform the signaller that the train has arrived complete with tail lamp within the Network Rail boundary, the wheel
    stops have been replaced and secured and that the train is ready to proceed towards Cromer
The pilotman may then authorise the driver to proceed towards Cromer.

When the train has arrived complete with tail lamp at Cromer, working by pilotman must be withdrawn.
Sheringham
TPWS Indicator
A TPWS lineside status indicator is provided at the stop board protecting the North Norfolk Railway. The indicator
comprises one blue light within a black background, labelled ‘TPWS’, located beneath the stop board.

When the TPWS equipment at the stop board is working normally, the blue light will be lit.

When the TPWS equipment at the stop board is defective, the indicator will be unlit.

The driver or person controlling any movement must report the fault to the signaller.


                                                                                                          Dated: 19/03/11




August 2006                                                350
