                                                           OFFICIAL


Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2



EA1010 – LIVERPOOL STREET TO SEVEN KINGS
Diesel Traction
Diesel locomotives must not normally use platforms 8 to 17 inclusive and Diesel Multiple Units must not normally use
Platforms 11 to 17 inclusive unless authorised by the Network Rail Station Manager Liverpool Street.
Drivers must ensure that engines are shut down immediately after arrival and only restarted when essential to do so prior
to departure from Liverpool Street station.
Note: The above item is necessary because of the presence of smoke detectors at Liverpool Street station (as required by
the Sub-Surface Station regulations) which could be actuated by fumes from Diesel engines.
Charter Train Operation
When a charter train is to enter Liverpool Street Station the following will apply:
•   The Station Manager, Network Rail Liverpool Street must advised
•   The method of dispatch must be agreed and a copy of the agreed method statement relating to the dispatch of the
    charter train provided to the Station Manager in sufficient time to enable onward briefing.
•   The provisions for Diesel Traction, detailed above, must be observed
•   The train must observe any platform restrictions imposed by the Station Manager
Procedure for use of T-COD to provide additional protection for blockages on Liverpool Street Station platform line
When the COSS (or PC) asks the Signaller for permission to place the T-COD on the line it must only be placed at the
platform starting signal at the end of the platform. If the work involved is track cleaning and the line on which work is to
take place is adjacent to another line, then for the purpose of providing a safe method of working, platform lines must be
blocked in pairs. The adjacent line must be blocked by the use of an additional T-COD placed at the platform starting
signal at the end of the platform.
                                                                                                        Dated – 12/04/21
EA1010 - LIVERPOOL STREET TO SEVEN KINGS
Bow Midland Yard
When there is no shunter on duty the following procedure will apply when an on-track machine requires to access the
yard:
    •    The machine must be brought to a stand at L5070 signal.
    •    The person in charge of the machine (PICOM) must contact the Signaller and give an assurance that the route
         has been set correctly for the movement of the machine inside Bow Midland Siding. Once this assurance has
         been given the signaller will clear signal L5070 for the movement of the machine into Bow Midland Sidings.
    •    The PICOM must contact the signaller once the movement is inside the sidings and complete.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/08/06
EA1010 - LIVERPOOL STREET TO SEVEN KINGS
Aldersbrook sidings
Starting of Trains
Two minutes before a train is due to depart, the Driver must operate the “Train Ready to Start” plunger for the siding
concerned.
                                                                                                          Dated: 05/08/06
EA1011 - SEVEN KINGS TO IPSWICH
Romford Engineers Depot
Movements from the Up Main
Drivers must:
• approach the appropriate depot gates cautiously and, when the gates are open, proceed inside and clear of the depot
    gates
• tell the signaller that the movement is inside the depot gates
Movements from Yard (OTM Compound)
Drivers must contact the signaller at the stop board and obtain authority to proceed towards No 2 Reception line.
Movements from Engineers Depot
Drivers must contact the signaller at the stop board and obtain authority to proceed along No 2 Reception line towards
position light signal L5105 or the Yard (OTM Compound).
Drivers must ensure that any hand points are correctly set for the passage of each movement.
                                                                                                          Dated: 30/07/11




August 2006                                                  320
