Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2



EA1370 - GOSPEL OAK TO BARKING TILBURY JN WEST
BARKING
Due to the capacity of the current feeding arrangement in the Barking area, no more than two electric freight trains per
hour can pass through Barking between 0600 – 1000 each day.
This restriction does not affect the running of electric passenger services or non-electric freight.
                                                                                                            Dated: 29/09/18


EA1380 - FENCHURCH ST TO SHOEBURYNESS
FENCHURCH STREET
Charter Train Operation
When a charter train is to enter Fenchurch Street Station the following will apply;
•   Station Manager, Network Rail Fenchurch Street must be additionally advised and authority obtained
•   As necessary provisions must be made to ensure that diesel trains under the canopy at Fenchurch Street do not set
    off the station alarms.
•   The Charter operator must:
    •    Provide competent persons to dispatch the train at Fenchurch Street station
    •    Agree the method of dispatch with the Station Manager for Fenchurch Street Station
    •    Provide a copy of the agreed method statement relating to the dispatch of the charter train from Fenchurch Street
         Station to the Station Manager for Fenchurch Street Stations in sufficient time to enable onward briefing.
•   The train must observe any platform restrictions imposed by the Station Manager for Fenchurch Street station
                                                                                                            Dated: 02/08/08


EA1380 - FENCHURCH ST TO SHOEBURYNESS
Bromley-by-Bow Station (LUL) To UPMINSTER
London Underground Limited Electrified Lines
General
Staff are warned to be vigilant when working near the London Underground Limited lines which are electrified by the
conductor rail system and run parallel with the London, Tilbury and Southend lines between Bromley and Upminster.
Employees must, in the absence of specific instructions to the contrary, regard all electrified lines as being alive
continuously. All concerned are warned that it is dangerous to touch the current rails and that they must at all times keep
clear of the current and running rails and avoid touching them with tools, wires or metal gear of any description.
If the permanent way is flooded to such an extent that the water has reached the current rails, employees must be careful
not to come in contact with the water until they have ascertained that the current has been switched off.
In the event of an accident, failure, obstruction or other exceptional cause fouling or obstructing the LUL lines, train crews
must protect the Network Rail and LUL lines concerned in accordance with the applicable rules.
When, in any emergency, it is necessary from a safety point of view for the LUL traction current to be switched off, the
nearest LUL signal telephone must be used to request that the current be switched off. At a station where there are no
staff available, the request must be made to the Line Controller by means of the automatic telephone, dialling 104. (If no
reply is received within a reasonable time, dial 904). If, however, it would be expedient to use a Network Rail or other
lineside telephone, this must be done, care being taken to ensure that it is understood that the request applies to the LUL
lines and must be communicated to the LUL Line Controller immediately.
In all cases the person requiring the current to be switched off must give his name and grade, the reporting number or
other description of his train, the location from which the current is required to be switched off and the reason to the
person to whom the request is made and must wait until an assurance is received from that person that the current has
been switched off.
In the case of train crews, where a line or lines other than that on which their train is standing, is obstructed they must
ensure that such line or lines is protected in accordance with the rules before telephoning for the current to be switched
off.
Detraining of Passengers
If a train is stopped for any reason between Upminster and Bromley Campbell Road and it becomes necessary to detrain
passengers, this must not be carried out until an assurance has been received from the Signaller at Upminster IECC that
the opposite line is blocked and a LUL representative has arrived to take charge of the passengers and conduct them to
the nearest station.
                                                                                                            Dated: 05/08/06

August 2006                                                  340
