                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




       EA1470 - NORWICH THORPE JN TO LOWESTOFT
       Norwich Crown Point Depot (NCP)

       Possession of the Washer Road and Bypass Road for Crown Point depot staff, to work on The
       Carriage Washer in Crown Point Depot

       This method of working is for when staff need to work on the Carriage Washer at Crown Point depot. This clarifies the
       application of this procedure regarding Rule Book TS1 - Safety of Personal / Handbook 13 - Duties of person in charge of
       a possession of a siding.
       Only an authorised Yard Controller (designated person, DP) will be allowed to take a line block of the washer plant. The
       Train Operating Company will provide a list of authorised yard controllers, DP’s that are trained to undertake these
       possessions.
       When a possession of the Washer Road and Bypass Road is required to allow work on the equipment, the DP will contact
       the signaller at Crown Point signal box. They will advise the signaller of their name and what work they wish to carry out.
       The signaller will then check the authorised designated persons list, to see if they are authorised to take the possession.
       The Signaller and the DP will complete their relative copies of the Possession of the Washer Plant forms (NRWR 21 SIG &
       NRWR 21 YC) together, confirming with each other the names, location, contact details. The signaller will also require the
       protection limits and how long the work will take.
       The DP is authorised to block the Washer and Bypass Roads only under this procedure.
       The limits of the protection will be from:
                          Washer Road CP2529B Points to Buffer Stop.
                          Bypass Road CO2529A Points to Buffer Stops
       Once all the details have been confirmed, the signaller will check that the Washer Road and Bypass Roads are clear of
       trains. They will then place their reminder appliances on the panel, to protect the line.
       Once protected, the signaller will authorise the DP to place their stop boards (protection) at the agreed locations. This
       may be undertaken by another competent person, on behalf of the DP. When this has been confirmed to have been
       carried out, the signaller will give a time, date, and authority number to the DP and confirm the lines are closed to traffic.
       The DP may then commence work.
       Giving Up possession of the line
       When the work has been completed and everyone is clear of the line, and the lines clear and safe to run over, the DP will
       arrange to remove the protection from the line. The DP will contact the signaller and advise them that this has been
       carried out and the possession may be withdrawn. The signaller will confirm these instructions with the DP and confirm the
       Authority number. The signaller will then withdraw the line block of the Washer Road and Bypass Road, giving a time and
       date of when the possession of the line was given up to the DP.
       Static Changeover for Bi-Mode Units (BMU)

       Signage for Class 755
       New signage is being introduced; this signage will only apply to Class 755 trains entering 9-14 Roads, 18-24 Roads &
       Wensum Sidings. The signage is for Class 755 trains to PAN DOWN within the limits of Norwich Crown Point Maintenance
       Depot.
       The new signs and their meanings are shown below:
                            Changing from Electric to Diesel:




       August 2006                  348
