                                                           OFFICIAL


Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




EA1580 - ELY NORTH JN TO TROWSE JN
WYMONDHAM

Trains to the Mid Norfolk Railway from Network Rail
Before a train is allowed to enter the Dereham Branch Mid Norfolk Railway, you must ensure that the Mid Norfolk Railway
(MNR) Duty Responsible Officer (DRO) is present at EN8221 signal.
The MNR DRO is to contact the Cambridge PSB, Thetford Workstation Signaller and confirm that a suitable overlap is
available and on the signallers instruction operate the Shunters Release Switch, to allow EN8236 signal to clear.
The Dereham Branch Mid Norfolk Railway ‘Release’ will be automatically cancelled after one train movement, or if the
Cambridge PSB, Thetford Workstation Signaller cancels the route to the Dereham Branch Mid Norfolk Railway, another
‘Release’ will need to be obtained, if required.
In the event of an assisting locomotive being required to go onto the MNR, the MNR DRO is to contact the Cambridge
PSB, Thetford Workstation Signaller to confirm the arrangements for assistance.
Trains to Network Rail from the Mid Norfolk Railway
Before any train departs from Dereham Branch, Mid Norfolk Railway, you will contact the Cambridge PSB, Thetford
Workstation Signaller on the signal post telephone at EN8221 signal, on the single line for instructions. The MNR DRO
will accompany the train from EN8221 signal as far as Wymondham Station, Down Platform No1.
If a propelling movement is required from Dereham Branch, Mid Norfolk Railway, onto Network Rail Infrastructure.
EN8221 signal will revert to danger upon occupation of ALF(X) Axle Counter Section. LAST WHEEL REPLACEMENT is
not provided on EN8221 signal.
                                                                                                            Dated: 03/12/12


EA1580 - ELY NORTH JN TO TROWSE JN
Hethersett GF
Hethersett - Oil Terminal Ground Frame
When not in use the points for this Ground Frame must be secured by a padlocked point clip, a scotch (screwed to the
sleeper or otherwise secured) and a fishplate secured to the sleeper by two screws/fang bolts.
The sidings are not to be used without the authority of the Anglia Route Operations Manager.
                                                                                                            Dated: 27/09/08

EA1580 - ELY NORTH JN TO TROWSE JN
Entire Line Of Route
Movement of A.C. Electric Locomotives And Multiple Units Between Ely North Jn. and Trowse Jn.
All classes of A.C. Electric locomotives and multiple units (except those listed below) are prohibited in both directions of
travel between Ely North Jn. and Trowse Jn.
  Class                     Restrictions
 Class 86/2                20 m.p.h. at 93m 63ch (Bridge 1603) on the Up line only
 Class 90             The authorised speed is as required by The Rule Book Module SP
 The above units may only travel with pantograph lowered.
                                                                                                            Dated: 07/12/13




August 2006                                                  354
