                                   OFFICIAL
       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR1



       Handbook 8 - IWA, COSS or PC blocking a line / TS1 General Signalling Regulations
       13.2.3
       Protecting a stabled train on a platform line

       A platform line on which a train is stabled may be blocked under the arrangements shown in this handbook, but only if
       protection is provided to stop a train making an unauthorised movement.
       When a platform line is to be blocked and a train is stabled on that line, the IWA, COSS or PC must place the following
       train protection equipment on the train before allowing the work to start:


       1. during daylight: a “NOT TO BE MOVED” board, or a red flag
       2. during darkness, fog or falling snow: a red light (steady or flashing)


       The IWA, COSS or PC must make sure the protection is displayed on the platform side of the train:
       • 1. at the end from which the train is to be driven,
         or
       • 2. at both ends of the train if it can be driven from either end
       The arrangements shall apply at the following locations
       1. on platform lines at terminal stations
       2. on dead end bay platforms at through stations
       3. on running lines shown in “Stabling of trains” – within General Instructions of Anglia Route Sectional Appendix


       Note:
       Drivers are permitted to enter the driving cab for the purposes of preparing the train in accordance with their company
       instructions.
       Unless permits are issued, the traction current must always be treated as being live.



                                               Anglia Route GI – Dated: 25/01/2020


       Handbook 11 – Duties of the person in charge of the
       possession
       Section 4, Clause 4.1 – Confirming the details with the signaller
       At terminal and bay platforms within the Anglia Route the signaller is permitted to grant possession to the PICOP when
       the platform is occupied by an empty coaching stock train, provided that:
       the platform is equipped with a platform starting signal which has been placed & maintained at Danger
       the train is berthed at the buffer stop end of the platform
       the arrangements have been published within the possession details
       The signaller must confirm the arrangements with the PICOP before granting the possession.
       The Rule Book, module T3 is modified accordingly.

       Exception

       Romford – Upminster Line

       An empty coaching stock train can be stabled in platform 1 at Romford and a possession taken around the train provided
       that:




       August 2006                   18
