                                                           OFFICIAL


Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2



If a train passes signal L1197, or L1202, or L1366 at Danger without authority, in addition to both Signal Passed At Danger
Indicators (SPADI) for these signals being activated, the tunnel Emergency lights will also be illuminated.
Whenever the Signaller is aware that the tunnel Emergency lights are illuminated because of a fault or other exceptional
circumstance while it is safe for trains to pass normally through the tunnel, he/she will arrange for the Driver of each train
to be advised of this before entering the tunnel.
Drivers advised of this must keep a special lookout for anything unusual while passing over the single line section.
Drivers seeing the tunnel Emergency lights illuminated and having received no previous advice of the fact must
stop immediately, advise the Signaller, and not move the train until authorised by the Signaller even if the tunnel
Emergency lights become extinguished, unless it is absolutely essential to do so for the safety of passengers.
Diesel Traction
Diesel traction must not normally use platforms 1 or 3. If special authority is given by the Station Operator for diesel
traction to enter these platforms, Drivers must ensure that engines are shut down immediately after arrival and only
restarted when essential to do so prior to departure from Stansted Airport Station.
Note: The above item is necessary because of the presence of smoke detectors at Stansted Airport station (as required by
the Sub-Surface Station regulations) which could be actuated by fumes from Diesel engines.
Starting of Trains
For all trains, the “Train Ready to Start” (TRTS) plunger for the platform concerned must be operated not more than two
minutes before the train is ready to depart. Platform staff, if available, must operate the TRTS plunger. If platform staff are
not available, the Driver must operate the TRTS plunger.
                                                                                                             Dated: 04/12/10

EA1230 - ROYSTON TO SHEPRETH BRANCH JN
Entire Line Of Route

The following restrictions to electric traction apply:-
1.   Class 89, 90 and 91 locomotives and electric locomotive-hauled/propelled push-pull trains are prohibited.
2.   A light class 86 locomotive may run on either the Up or Down line subject to the following restrictions:-
     a)   No other class 86 locomotive is on either the opposite or same line
     b)   Not more than one 2 x 4-car EMU set is on the opposite line
3.   A 2 x 4-car or 3 x 4-car EMU may be run on either the Up or Down line subject to the restriction that not more than
     one Class 86 locomotive or 2 x 4-car or 3 x 4-car EMU is allowed on the opposite line.
                                                                                                             Dated: 16/05/08

EA1230 - ROYSTON TO SHEPRETH BRANCH JN
Entire Line Of Route

The following restrictions to electric traction apply:-
4.   Class 89, 90 and 91 locomotives and electric locomotive-hauled/propelled push-pull trains are prohibited.
5.   A light class 86 locomotive may run on either the Up or Down line subject to the following restrictions:-
     c)   No other class 86 locomotive is on either the opposite or same line
     d)   Not more than one 2 x 4-car EMU set is on the opposite line
6.   A 2 x 4-car or 3 x 4-car EMU may be run on either the Up or Down line subject to the restriction that not more than
     one Class 86 locomotive or 2 x 4-car or 3 x 4-car EMU is allowed on the opposite line.
                                                                                                             Dated: 16/05/08




August 2006                                                  333
