                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




       EA1310 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JN TO RICHMOND
       Hampstead Heath Tunnel

       Owing to restricted clearances in Hampstead Heath Tunnel, passenger trains composed of stock with opening windows
       (other than those of the “ventilator” type) are prohibited from entering the tunnel, except where special authority is issued.

       When authority is granted for passenger trains the following conditions apply:
       1)Train running must be published in Special Traffic Notice.
       2)To mitigate the risk of limited clearances to passengers while passing through Hampstead Heath Tunnel:
         a)The train must be staffed by a Train Manager and Stewards, who will be briefed by the Train Manager;
         b)Prior to passing through Hampstead Heath Tunnel, an announcement must be made using the public address
           system to instruct all passengers not to lean out of the windows during the passage of the train through the
           tunnel. Stewards must pass through all vehicles and repeat the instruction to all passengers
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       EA1310 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JUNCTION TO RICHMOND
       Kensal Green Junction Reversing Siding

       Arriving trains
       • ECS trains must, if the line is clear as far as the ‘S’ car train stop marker, proceed as far as this ‘S’ car stop marker
         and stop there. The driver of an ECS train may only pass this marker with the permission of the signaller at
         Upminster.
       • Freight trains must proceed as far as the line is clear towards the buffer stops.
       • Before permitting a locomotive or vehicle to be detached in the siding, the driver must advise the signaller how many
         vehicles are being left there.
       Departing trains
       Trains ready for departure must not make any movement towards signal NL1041 unless:
       • the Driver has a clear view of the signal and can be sure it is displaying a proceed aspect, OR
       • the Signaller has given permission for the movement to approach signal NL1041 cautiously and obey the aspect
         displayed by it.
                                                           Dated: 27/02/11

       EA1310 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JUNCTION TO RICHMOND
       ACTON CENTRAL

       Change of Traction Power Supply
       Dual Voltage trains in DC mode on the Up Main line must come to a stand at signal AW102 and ensure that the
       pantograph is raised for AC working before proceeding towards Acton Wells Junction.
       Dual voltage trains in AC mode in the Down Main line must come to a stand at the Richmond end of the Down platform
       and ensure that the pantograph is lowered for DC working before proceeding towards Richmond.
                                                           Dated: 09/06/12




       August 2006                  334
