                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




       EA1310 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JN TO RICHMOND
       South Acton Jn to Richmond

       Provision of Trainstops
       Running signals between Turnham Green and Richmond are fitted with Trainstops which will engage with the tripcocks on
       LUL trains and on class 378 EMU trains. The failure of a Trainstop must be treated as a failure of the associated signal.
       The Signaller must advise the Driver of each train approaching a signal with a defective Trainstop of the circumstances.
       The Driver must then approach the affected signal with caution.
       If a train is tripped at a signal displaying a proceed aspect, the Driver: must:-
       1.treat the signal as being at Danger and advise the Signaller
       2.not proceed without first obtaining permission from the Signaller.
       The Driver of each following train must be stopped at a signal in rear and advised of the circumstances until the defect is
       rectified.
       This does not apply if a class 378 EMU train is signalled from GB17 signal into platform 3 at Richmond station as this
       route is not equipped with a fourth rail. All trains equipped with tripcocks will be tripped at GB17 signal if the route is set
       into platform 3 at Richmond. This is a safeguard against LUL trains being inadvertently signalled over this route.
       If a train is tripped other than at a signal fitted with a Trainstop the Driver must reset the trip cock and advise the Signaller.
       The Signaller must request the Controller to arrange for the trip cock to be examined and if necessary for the line to be
       examined.
       The driver of any train approaching Richmond station on which the tripcock equipment is defective must advise the
       Signaller at Richmond, stopping the train specially at GB17 signal if necessary, even though that signal may be displaying
       a proceed aspect.
       Failure Of Equipment On LUL Trains
       Should the “Deadmans valve” or trip cock be defective on an LUL train the Anglia Integrated Control Centre must be
       requested to arrange for a competent member of staff to accompany the Driver to assist him in the observance of signals.
       If a competent member of staff is not available the LUL line controller must be informed and requested to provide a
       competent member of LUL staff.
                                                           Dated: 21/09/13

       EA1310 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JN TO RICHMOND
       Gunnersbury Jn to Richmond

       Trainstops
       Due to the slow operation of trainstops, a dual aspect may momentarily be displayed by the signal concerned. If a dual
       aspect remains displayed, Drivers must immediately advise the Signaller.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06

       EA1310 - CAMDEN ROAD WEST JUNCTION TO RICHMOND
       RICHMOND

       Staff are warned of the narrow clearances between certain tracks in the station.
       Driver’s of Up DOO (NP) trains, must operate the “Train Ready to Start” plungers provided on platforms 3 to 7,
       immediately prior to booked departure time.
       If the train is delayed after its booked departure time, the Driver must immediately telephone the Signaller at Richmond.

       If the Train is provided with a Guard, the Guard will carryout the duties of the Driver for train dispatch at Richmond when in
       Passenger service.
                                                           Dated: 05/08/06




       August 2006                  335
