                                   OFFICIAL


       Anglia Route Sectional Appendix Module AR2




       EA1220 - STANSTED (SOUTH & NORTH JNS) TO STANSTED AIRPORT
       Stansted Airport Tunnel

       Stansted Airport Tunnel (1944 yards long) is fitted with lights and telephones as below:
       Lights
       • Marker Lights every 100 yards permanently illuminated.
       • Emergency Lights every 5 yards which can be illuminated by any of the following:
       • By the Signaller at Liverpool Street IECC (Harlow workstation)
       • Automatically by the activation of the SPAD Indicators for signals L1197, L1202 and L1366.
       • In exceptional circumstances, they may be switched on from the glass-fronted box located at each tunnel portal.
       Telephones
       • Emergency telephones, providing a direct link, connected to Liverpool Street IECC (Harlow workstation), are provided
         at 100 yard intervals adjacent to the marker lights.
       • Telephone plug points giving access to the E.T.D. system are also located every 100 yards adjacent to the marker
         lights.
       Signal Passed At Danger Indicators (SPADIs)
       A Signal Passed At Danger Indicator is provided for the signals protecting entrance to the single track section through
       Stansted Airport Tunnel as follows:
                  Signal                    Location

       L1197                      Down Airport line; located on the approach to the
                                  convergence of double track to single track at Tye
                                  Green Junction
       L1202/L1366                One S.P.A.D. indicator applicable to both signals;
                                  located midway along the convergence of double
                                  track to single track at Coopers Lane Junction


       As an additional safety measure, these two SPADIs are linked together so that, in the event of a train passing one of the
       above signals at Danger without authority, the SPADIs at both ends of the single track section will be activated, and also,
       the tunnel Emergency lights will be illuminated.

       Other Instructions
       Except in emergency or for patrolling purposes, no one is permitted to enter the tunnel until the line has been blocked and
       the tunnel Emergency lights have been switched on by the Signaller.
       When the work is complete, the person in charge must ensure that all staff are clear of the tunnel before advising the
       Signaller.
       Anyone observing that the tunnel Emergency lights are illuminated must NOT assume that it is safe to enter the tunnel
       unless the relevant instructions under this “Other Instructions” heading have first been complied with.
       For patrolling duties only, before entering the tunnel the patrolman must:-
       a)obtain the Signaller’s permission and his assurance that signal protection has been provided; and
       b)indicate how long is required for the inspection; and
       c)ask the Signaller to switch on the tunnel Emergency lights and must not enter the tunnel until this has been done.
       When his inspection has been completed, and he and any person accompanying him are clear of the tunnel, advise the
       Signaller.
       A walkway at train door height is provided throughout the length of the tunnel and is located on the left hand side in the
       Down direction (right hand side in the Up direction). The Station Supervisor at Stansted Airport will be advised by the
       Signaller at Liverpool Street IECC (Harlow workstation) whenever passengers are being evacuated from the tunnel and
       the Supervisor is responsible for confirming to the Signaller that the tunnel is clear of people.
       Tunnel Emergency Lights
       Should the Signaller become aware that the tunnel Emergency lights are unexpectedly illuminated, he/she will stop the
       next train and caution the Driver, telling him to report at the other end of the tunnel.




       August 2006                  332
